T. B. Pond




The Edge of the World, all characters, original storyline, the universe, items, and entire world of Caelutera is owned and copyright (c)  by TYLER PATRICK BOND. 2005 - 10/15/2018
 












The Edge of the World
Eyes of the Watchers






















Dedicated to those who continue to inspire me




and M. M.
        Prologue
I.         Fall of the Dark Angel
            2. Clouded Light 
III.         Waking into a Nightmare         
IV.         The Fiery Heart
        V.         Our Silent Paradise
VI.         The Soaring Raven
        VII.         Prelude of War
        VIII.         Memories and Scars
IX.         An Execrated Existence
X.         Advent of Awakening
      11. The Arcane Axiom 
XII.         Night's Auspice
          








































Prologue


The world was vivisected by avarice, as God saw it. Evaz’Sa saw fit to punish mankind for their sins and force them to obey under her divine rule. But before it came to that point in the Divine Era, God was very generous; the crops of the famished began to overgrow, the ill were healed, and the accused righteous were vindicated. However, after an aeon, the exacerbated God grew weary after performing miracle after miracle... So, she simply began to only observe the people she had taken care of for so long. Quickly, God noticed our world was full of so much greed and bloodlust, unworthy of her benevolence. 
Evaz’Sa decided to abandon the wretched world and recover her lost strength by merely observing while she rested. However, she knew if she let the unbridled chaos continue, the world known as Caelutera would surely destroy itself. So, she decided to leave traces of her divinity behind. God sacrificed part of her own dwindling strength to create entities of punishment, so they could take over her task and monitor the world’s inhabitants. Now, Evaz’Sa would be able to repose. 
The Watchers, a looming name dubbed thus by the people, were the new overseers of Caelutera. They ensured that the people would stay faithful to God until she decided to return. The people were terrified of The Watchers, and dared not even speak their name. They dared not sin and anger their new masters for they were retribution incarnate. 
Even the revered and feared Watchers couldn’t endure the vicissitudes of time, and their lore fell victim to its silence. Thus, another lost chapter had been written. Who is to say why The Watchers were forgotten. Maybe because people simply didn’t talk about them, the tale just faded out of memory. Or, did people force themselves to forget so they could live without fear? No one truly knows, but whatever the reason, people continued their lives, staying faithful to their loving God and shunning the very thought of The Watchers.


Now... What will you do with this knowledge? 
Will you upstart against them, against their Dogma? 
Who are you to decide your fate?!
We are children of God; without our mother we are lost forevermore!
Indeed, but an abandoned child must know when to move on...






























(Thoughts: perhaps make this a scene from Evas'za's point of view.)
        I. Fall of the Dark Angel


He stared up at the misty, wintry sky as the biting cold currents whisked him down the stone-lined river. Tears ran from his eyes, instantly frozen and washed away by the water's scorn. Still alive, though barely, he tried to grab a hold of anything he could to save his precious life. A jagged rock smiled to him, and the boy reached out hopelessly. A quick slice and a plume of crimson, although blood cascaded, he held steadfast, unswayed by the sharp pain. The unbearable agony was stanched, not by the numbing, cold teeth of the water, but it was that the suffering on the inside was beyond comparison. 


Though his grip desperately strong, his flesh gave way and the hand was cut clean in half. He let out a terrible, pitiful scream and now engulfed in a pool of red, the boy continued his journey down the relentless river. Like some sort of toy, he was thrashed about on the jagged rocks, one after another. One thing that was preventing the cold embrace of death was the rage that burned within him, scorching his heart black.


Off the icy cliff then a drop into midair, the young one fancied himself some sort of soaring angel as he fell, though nothing so divine. Unable to breathe, falling whilst crestfallen, he stared up at the sky with a deep hate in his hazel-red eyes; a silent curse to God who cast this malicious fate up on him. As if an instant retribution, he felt a lashing chill as he crashed into the icy sea, enveloped in agony by the waves. Now he drifted in a quicker current in the open ocean. The waves carried him steadfast away from the glacial shore as he desperately tried to keep his head afloat. 


Minutes went by as if hours, and hours went by as if days. All the while, he struggled for a breath of life. After an eternity in the ocean’s cold, bitter bosom, he felt a warm embrace. A gentle song hummed in his ears, his body went limp with exhaust, he felt peaceful in these arms. The song was the most beautiful melody he ever heard, he opened his eyes and saw a blurry figure. He saw a beautiful woman with long, flowing, coral colored hair. His face was pressed against her naked breast as she cradled him, carrying him safely across the cool ocean surface.
        
        He awoke later, finally feeling the warm sand on his feet and remaining hand. He crawled onto the sun baked beach with his last strength until the waves could only kiss his toes, while his wounded right hand picked up bloody sand. He forced himself to turn over his body to face the warm sun. Even with the light in his eyes, he still stared skyward lifelessly. Dead on the outside, dead on the inside, yet he was still alive. As a figure clad in shimmering armor drew closer in the distance, the boy's mind collapsed and the bright cerulean sky faded into darkness.
                II. Clouded Light


        The priestess found herself standing alone at the edge of a barren cliff overlooking the crimson ocean's glow. She was taken aback in horror to see the once blessed blue sky burnt to a dark red and black cloudscape. Lightning flashed, thunder roared, and the sky could only weep seas of scarlet. An apparition of a daemon engulfed the sky before her, the sheer size of its shadow swallowed the horizon. The behemoth in the distance stirred the winds with eight mighty wings as it shred the ground asunder with a thousand claws. It stood within a sea engulfed in fire surrounded by pillars of flames taller than towers, raking the world's sunless heavens. The creature had no eyes, but as it was turned to her, she yet felt the crushing weight of its gaze falling heavily on. The priestess could only fall to her knees and weep in an endless sorrow as she helplessly witnessed the destruction of Caelutera.


        Gasping for air, she snapped out of her trance, her deep blue eyes wide with terror as if she awoke to being doused in a bucket of ice water. Diame sat cross-legged on a soft pillow in the small, candle lit room. She slumped forward, her fiery red hair spilt in a cascade of curls down her soft, cream colored face. A deep voice called urgently to her, "Diame! Diame!" and faded as if heard underwater. The voice called again, she recognized it as her friend and consult Eljuk. She looked up through her lavish locks at the tall, tan man sitting beside her, blurry in the dim light.
        Eljuk placed his rough hewn hands on her shoulders and tried to meet with her face, “Diame? Are you alright?” he had never seen the priestess in such a state after a soothsaying before, "You awoke with such a start, what is the matter?" he asked in a hush.
        Diame gave a shaken nod as she pushed her hair aside while Eljuk helped her sit upright. “A-aye... That horrific sweven... seen it thrice now, I have.” the sweat on her forehead glistened in the glimmer of candles’ light, “What was there..." her mouth gaped, taking a moment to find the words for what she saw. How do I even begin? "I wist not what it forebodes...” 
Eljuk leaned back and gestured questioningly. “Be it not in the norm of a sweven? You act as through you've seen a nightmare in its stead.”
Diame breathed deeply of the sweet myrrh incense before she stood silently. She leaned over her table laid with a blue cloth woven with golden seven pointed stars. Candles and different colored stones were placed in patterns around a white marble statue of a seven pointed star with an eye graven into the center. The burning bundle of purple incense released long swirling strands of sweet smoke throughout her meditation chamber. She closed her eyes for a moment and uttered a small prayer. Nothing so frightening pervaded her visions in the past, she could only shake her head. Slowly moving a hand, she furled her white robes letting a gentle gust of air extinguish the many candles lit around the room. She looked back at Eljuk though the smoke clearing in the moonlight cast down from a window above, “I pray, and I am faithful to God, yet... this has me afeared out of my wits.” she said in a near whisper, followed by sharp silence. 
        The chamber was full of night's gloom and thick with candle smoke, turning the sweet incense bitter. Eljuk could see naught but the glints of Diame's distraught eyes darting in the dark. Eljuk knew well of the woman's craft to perceive the future, but the acolyte had never seen the High Preistess overwhelmed by her own power so.
"I swear, ne’er have I envisioned anything of the like.” She pushed the white silk curtains aside and stepped out of her meditation chamber. Eljuk followed. Diame sat slumped over in a chair at her dining table. Her head rested in her hands parting her hair whilst her eyes idly followed the knots and twists in the wood under lantern light.
        “Diame...” Eljuk said as he approached her, and knelt to her side, “Mayhap... dwell on this soothsaying within the safety of the temple? Inside those hallowed walls you would be better enlightened to what you have seen.”
        “Aye...” She blinked once, eyes fixated on the oil lantern's flame burning in long flickers through the glass panels, making unsettling shadows across her walls. “Once I rest mine eyes, I will rethink of this in the days to come.” The priestess leaned back in her seat, “These inner sights weary my mind...” the fatigue on her face spoke more convincing than her words.
        Eljuk nodded, as if subtly given a command, “Aye, sleep well.” he stood near her door and watched her stare into the light of the lantern. Eljuk is an able-bodied man, only a few years elder to Diame and was born and raised in Teva, never leaving the town once in his life. A devout acolyte to the Water Temple with a strong sense of Faith, his duty keeps him where he is needed most, protecting the kin of his home. He as a part of the town's guard became close friends with Diame, the sole spiritual leader of this tiny village. Together they're seen as the community's pillars of strength, Eljuk the strong armed protector and Diame who could commune with the divine. He had never seen her falter, never seen her miracle-works cause herself distress. I should just leave her be. He made his way to the front door and creaked it open. The home inhaled the cold late-night air, breathing out the stuffy lingering smoke. He knew not the toll conducting magick took on the priestess, but he knew she needed her rest. Her visions usually just predict the coming weeks' weather and the village folk plant our crops accordingly. Whatever perturbs her dreams so, it must be beyond that. May eyes watch over her. I know not what soul stirring sights she must endure. I do not wish to know.
        She shook her head, "Should I send another letter?" Although, the good Bishop has not sent a reply to either of them. "However, if His Grace does not respond, wouldn't it be for naught to write yet another? Perhaps..." Diame's eyes widened as she asked herself something almost too drastic, "To ensure he heard of what I have seen, must I sojourn to Ijia and meet with Bishop Malbourne myself?"
        He turned from the door and Eljuk's brown eyes gave her a harsh, questioning stare, though he tried to hide it in his voice. "Are you sure that would be necessary, Diame? What will Lux Grande be forced to do once they hear you left the protection of the Water Temple without their knowledge or consent?" She raised her dark blue eyes leveling to his, and he did not stop, "You know full well that you are not allowed to travel unless provided an escort from Lux Grande. Our responsibilities in Teva need us here, as His Grace has what he must attend to in Ijia." He caught himself, Diame's eyes were like a deep well of thoughts, widened only slightly and completely focused on him. He had said something that upset her, by that look. She couldn't have been serious about leaving Teva, just upset by whatever startled her. Nary a need to remind her what she already knows, but what an uproar it would be if she did suddenly leave. She knows how important maintaining the Water Temple and the village's peace is and should not jest such things. "Forgive me, my only concern is your well being. Patience will see this out, not hasty decisions. Surely, tomorrow a pigeon shall come with a reply from His Grace. How many letters did you say you sent again?"
        She swept her eyes back to the lantern's glow, "Two." She sat back in her seat, straightening her long hair and white robes, "I have sent two, one a week ago when I first had this nightmare. Then another letter, when I saw the same vision again a few days past, on Marsday." She turned back to the standoffish stare of Eljuk, "You know that the church has never taken more than a couple of suns to send a reply, much less a whole week. What if something happened to His Grace? Or the Kingdom of Ijia itself? Or even Lux Grande?" She saw his stare gaining more concern, she cut herself off and sighed. I guess there could be a hundred reasons why Bishop Malbourne has not responded. Traveling there before His Grace could have a chance to reply would be insolent and not a show of Faith. "Perhaps I shall write another letter after all." She saw the relief melt into Eljuk's face.
        "For certainly, that would be for the best, and an even better show of Faith. No need to stir up trouble, the Bishop of Ijia is sure to reply soon. Of course His Grace is interested in what you have seen, why wouldn't he be?" Eljuk tugged his coat over his shoulders, uncomfortable that he had to talk her out of breaking a taboo. 'A High Priest may not leave the village housing their temple, except on special sabbaths and even then, always with permission.' 
        Diame sat trying to gauge Eljuk with pensive thought weighing on the dark-red brows of her own fair, cream colored face. I didn't mean to insinuate leaving Teva would be a question of my Faith. Alas, he is right. Bishop Malbourne must be interested in what I have to say, His Grace just hasn't been able to reply yet. He wouldn't shirk his responsibilities, I must not either. Yet, I do wish he would send a simple reply. Diame rose from her seat and took a step towards her confidant. He straightened as she approached Eljuk with a smile, “Thank you, dear friend. I won't let what I have seen gain the better of my judgment."
        "All will be well in the morrow." He nodded assuringly, returning the smile. “With The Holy Day in the morrow, I can only advise you to commune with God on these matters. Make time to contemplate these strong swevens in your new cloister, and through Faith, the answers will come. In the meanwhile, I will pray your visions forebode nothing ill. Rest well, Your Grace.” He gave a final nod as he turned and quietly shut the door behind him.
        Diame heard his footsteps trail off into the late night, and the air draft chilled her under her silk robe. She gazed around her humble home standing in the dwindling luminescence of the oil lantern. Her few robes hung in a wooden wardrobe with her staff made of carved driftwood laying against the clay and mudbrick wall beside it. She didn't own much else besides the few magick stones and trinkets in her meditation chamber. The marble Eye of Evaz'sa statue that was given to her by the church glimmered through her chamber's threshold for her prayers at home. Closest to her bedside, a copy of the holy book, The Divine Manifest rest on her nightstand. It bore a blue metallic crest of a seven pointed star with the eye at the center, the symbol of the Faith. She paced barefoot on the cold stone floor around her home, sighing with shaking hands holding her fair face. What am I to do? Her mind wracked by the memory of the vision replayed over and over. All of the world would be consumed... Caelutera in flames wrought by that frightful daemon. It means something dreadful is going to occur, but what? How? How can I prevent such a disaster if I can not even get a word of it to the church! Her hands could only hold so many tears, and she wiped them off on her robe. She sighed and calmed herself. It is late... I cannot hope to understand what the vision meant in this state. “I need rest.” She at last convinced herself. The warm bed beckoned, and she stepped her numb toes across the small house to it. She pulled back the blankets overstuffed with soft down feathers and sat in the silk sheets. She took a slow breath, “It forebodes nothing ill...” she whispered wistfully as she made cozy under the down covers. At last the warmth from her bed soothed her, and her weary eyes grew heavy. She could see the light from the table lantern with her eyes closed, and she let out a sigh. The breath traveled from her lips in a thin stream to the small table, and the flame in the lantern danced until it died. The room's faint light faded dark, save the azure moonlight that swathed the priestess from above. Her final thoughts escaped her as she drifted into repose. “I hope so too, Eljuk.” 


Resting on the southern tip of the Western continent is the small village of Teva. Nestled in the steep, rolling green hills of the Valleys of Mist with less than a hundred residents lives a very tight knit, devout farming community. It has existed for many generations blessed by the Water Temple and protected within the provinces of the Kingdom of Ijia. The houses were all made of grey-blue stone, clay, and mudbrick topped with dried clay panels all lined up along the river flowing ever fast from the Water Temple's well.
Diame Serigh is the young keeper of the temple and a woman of the Faith, her life devoted to the Goddess of the Sun. She became an honorary High Priestess and a revered village guardian at the young age of twenty-four due to her ability of possessing extraordinary visionary powers. Premonitions of greater clarity have only been begotten by none other but the Faith's leader, the Pontiff herself. However, nothing so horrifying has ever been seen in visions by anyone in Lux Grande or any of the other High Priesthood, as far as Diame knew.
The same vision that disturbed her sleep before yet again occurred that night. She had a lucid dream where she awoke on the jaggy cliffside and tried to run from the burning ocean. She ran down rough mountainsides, through dead forests and across abandoned towns' bridges over dried rivers. She breathlessly ran, and ran, well the past point of her legs giving way. Even then she could not outrun the wrath of the daemon tearing ground apart beneath her feet. She cast a glimpse up, all she could see enveloping the sky were clouds painted black with fire. 
Sitting upright in her bed, she nearly shouted as she awoke, panting with a start. With an effort, she calmed herself taking a long breath. Dreams containing swevens, or swevens containing nightmares?! Color me not surprised it is still the same damnable sight! I wish I could close mine eyes and see nothing at all! It was the wee morn's hour, and still dark as night. She had not rested well, her head ached with sore eyes, and with so much on her mind that returning to sleep wouldn't be worth the effort. She regretfully slipped her legs out of her warm bed and sat over it, pondering in the chills of early morning air. Always next to her sitting atop her bedside table was the thick copy of the Divine Manifest, pages ruffled from years of reading, and rereading, and quoting the needed psalm. She sighed, remembering growing up in Lux Grande, spending years studying the holy book's knowledge. She traced her finger across the shining blue metal crest of the Eye of Evaz'sa on the leather bound cover. 'Look into God's Eye to find the wisdom you seek.' But, what can be said to what I have seen? She thought of her duties to her church, how she lives here praying, staying true to her Faith every morning for eight years. "Mayhap, sending Bishop Malbourne another letter anyway would be pertinent." She opened her bedside drawer beneath the thick book, and pulled out a small sheet of parchment, an ink bottle and green feathered quill. Taking these over to her small table in the dining room, she lit her oil lantern, sat comfortably, took a breath and began to write.


Thick silver clouds hung overhead in the dark of night, very faintly chased with the glow of an unrisen sun. Billowing walls of rolling fog swept across the steep hills of the Valleys of Mist. In the still of the darkness, the farm folk already went about their business, completely absorbed in beginning their daily labor of field work. There was only the very faint blue light of predawn, but the gray of the sky grew brighter expectantly. Just beyond the edges of the village, farmers prepared their harvest tools within the cold mists of their crop fields stretched over hills far and wide. The men and women of Teva tend to many scattered short fields of potatoes, beets and mudberries or their big fields thick with tall stocks of wheat, corn and other greens. All these fertile farmlands spread out across the lush valleys producing fresh food stock for Teva as well as many villages outside of the Valleys of Mist. An incredible devotion to nurturing the land and reaping the bounties provided by God is instilled inside each proud, hardworking denizen of Teva.
Enjoying the air's chill within the faint glow of day approaching, Eljuk stood by his usual spot by the wooden fence that lead out from the village into the fields. The sun would be rising soon, and his wise brown eyes stared to fog shrouded east. He wore a dark blue tunic vest over a white shirt, and baggy brown cloth breeches, as did many of the acolytes. He had just finished helping the farmers carry water pails and bags of grain to the fields to aid the start of their work. Soon, he would go to the parade grounds to tend to the usual duties of Mersday, the temple's holy day. He leant the sword scabbard on his back against the tall column that held a wooden arch over the open wooden gates. It was carved simply saying "Teva" with light blue and pale green paint that had mostly worn off. There was a short wooden fence that branched out in either direction from arch, not meant for protection from more than a stray deer wondering into the village. Eljuk always stood here, guarding the always open gates and greeting all that passed through. At this spot he met and knew everyone who passed, it let the townsfolk know they were protected and visitors were reminded to behave. The fields are well tended to, and any fighting in Ijia won't threaten this far south. He was the most skilled out of a small few in the village with a blade and he was certain that no harm could befall unto Teva. What could Lady Diame possibly have seen? 
Down the cobblestone path from the homes to the fields creaked a wheelbarrow pushed by a farm woman in a large straw hat. By her sides were a boy and a girl just old enough to work in the fields. The boy wore a cloth shirt and baggy breeches and carried farm tools, the girls wore a cloth blouse and skirts. All their once-white work clothes looked as though they had already seen their time collecting dirt out on the fields. 
Eljuk easily recognized Tilanda through the morning mist and under the large straw hat that would later be for the sun. He knew her especially well as he often helped her and her two children, Edjar and Bethane with their work. "Good morrow to you, Tila." Eljuk said merrily. "Eyes watch over you."
Tilanda beamed a smile up from beneath her hat, "A good morrow to you Eljuk. May eyes watch over you as well." She looked down past her parted black hair at her children, "Look cheery and give a good morrow to Sir Eljuk now." she said with a pip in her voice.
Both her kids stared up at Eljuk with faces clear they would rather be sleeping in bed. "Good morrow." The twin dark haired children managed to wearily stammer out, blankly staring up at him.
        Tilanda continued to push the barrow onward without missing a beat, "Well, must get these seeds and tools out to the fields in time to return for Lady Diame's benediction. God willing the summer harvest will be as bountiful as was our spring!" And with that, the family of three continued past the the gates, the cobblestones just outside became a well trod earthy path that began everyone's day.
As they passed him, Eljuk looked through the fog of the village to one of the gray-blue clay houses closest to the river. Diame hadn't roused yet, but soon, her worries would be soothed over in prayer. She'll find her answers by Evaz'sa's grace. As ever as She carries the sun. Dawn would come soon, so down the stone path leading to the Water Temple he went. The large shadow in the mist was a strange structure made of white marble that had existed for nearly a hundred years. A series of four cubes stacked on top one another, each one smaller than the other, shaped like an odd pyramid. Each one of the individual squares' four walls were open and pooled with clear, flowing water. Starting at the highest cube, a waterfall cascades off, filling the next square below it, continuing for all four cubes like a fountain. At the top is a circular well made of clear stone and provides endless water. The Hallowed Spring has always overflowed with fresh spring water and gives the temple its namesake. The water that pools beneath the temple is a lake that flows in a wide river lined with watermills that continues downstream, branching westward down the southern coast.
        Bordering a side of the lake within the town is the parade grounds, a paved circular pavilion with seven blueish-gray stone pillars. An open space was between two of the pillars for one to walk between and down steps into the water. Each column was adorned with a wreath of springtime flowers strung together overhead in garland with ties of differently dyed pieces of cloth. This is where the townsfolk always gathered on Mersday to give homage to Water, one of the seven blessings of Evaz'sa. 
        The cobblestone path became the flat, sand colored stone paving the pavilion and Eljuk stood beneath the canopy of color overhead. No one had gathered yet today, all were still waking up and preparing early morning tasks. Soon though, many would eagerly arrive to hear what the Goddess had to say, through the voice of Diame. Letting out a proud sigh, he went to the steps leading into water and stood by the lakeside. Leading down the stone steps is a bridge beneath the surface of the water a leg deep. Diame would wade across an underwater walkway and through one of the the thin glass-like waterfalls veiling the temple. Then, the threshold to gain entrance to the antechamber, the tabernacle where only the High Priestess of Water may enter. There, Diame communes with Evaz'sa, and foretells the future weather.
        Following a short path just outside the parade grounds was a large, clay longhouse that most of the temple acolytes from Lux Grande live in. Otherwise, it was the place of official business for the church's representatives. Had a pigeon arrived today? That would raise Diame's spirits. Eljuk passed down the stone paths towards the second largest building in Teva.
        
        Sitting at her table, she tapped the green plumed quill with her delicate fingers while she finished overlooking her letter. The third one, but will it go ignored like the other two? Diame poured over the specifics of every word as she reread over it, making sure the urgency was clearer this time. She hoped that it conveyed the importance of her vision without using words that would send any sensitive details. Who knows what could have happened to her other two letters, if they were intercepted she dared not write even more detail than before. But, how could she get the church to understand her plea if she could not write the full disturbing details of her vision? What she needed was an audience with the Bishop, a face to face talk in person, and no correspondence at all was making that impossible. All the more unusual for the church. '... The matter at hand has an urgency that can not be fully explained in a letter. It is imperative that I speak to Your Grace at once.' She nodded, satisfied, and with a dip of ink, signed. Diame Serigh was made out in big curves, and she laid the paper out to dry.
        Sitting back in her wooden chair, she realized she no longer needed her lantern light. Dawn was fast approaching, and even the heavily overcast sky swathed pale blue light into her home. "A new sun brings another Mersday, and the Water Temple holds yet another sweven." The thought nearly overwhelmed her, receiving yet another vision to decipher when she was still puzzled by this one. 
        She had a normal sweven about the weather on last week's Mersday, she saw little Bethane with a basket full of beets standing in the rain, among other familiar faces holding varying vegetations. That day she began her three day cloister, and she meditated on the weather sweven further, and nothing unusual happened. It wasn't until that night when she slept she first saw the daemon in her dreams. Unable to leave her home for three days, she wracked on its meaning until the vision presented itself again the last night of her cloister. Though she had seen the violent visions within her home, she had not been within the antechamber of the temple since they started. She had received a sweven every week from there the last eight years and meditated on it in her home for three days, and now was time again like any other. 
        She stared at the letter she wrote out once more, and shut it out of her mind. "His Grace will choose to reply whenever he may even if I send him a hundred letters. I still have my duties to attend to." Diame stood and went to her wardrobe and picked out her ceremonial robe, a silken white gown, hewn with weaves of golden flowers down the sleeves and skirts. Another spring harvest season had come, and her people needed the Water Temple's guidance. What if the following weeks foretold the rain would continue? Too little sunlight and too much water, they'd wish they had planted more wet crops like mudberries. The farmers always planned ahead which seeds to sow and what was ripe to reap meticulously week by week. Every harvest season's success has been carefully tended to year after year by the dedicated denizens of Teva. Work never stops except on the few special sabbath days, staying true to their religion of working the land, guided by Diame's predictions of the weather. To send the church so many vague letters about unusual visions, I hope His Grace does not think I mean to talk about how sunny it will be. She donned the white and gold dress, put a gilded circlet in her curled copper-red hair, and adorned her feet with her fancy shoes. 
        The front door creaked and stepping out of her small home, Diame walked down the cobblestone pathway towards the picket fence of her front yard. She was welcomed by her small garden growing patches of her favorite sweet scented lilacs and potted plants that gave off earthy smells of medicinal herbs. To the east, a glimmer of the sun had only just begun to rise, yet both the gray clouds above and white fog below glowed brightly with heavenly effulgence. Exiting under her wood archway overgrown with ivy, she went down the village path, clay and brick houses with windows reflecting dawn lined side by side along the riverbank. With most of the farmer folk already up, the only people who still stirred in their homes this early were elders of Teva who had already worked the fields a generation or so ago. Everyone else out were people of other professions that found home in Teva; artists, bards, clothes and shoemakers. All kind hearted people she has earned the trust of throughout the years. They who caught sight of Diame in her ceremonial gown greeted her with waves and gestures as she strolled through the brightening morning mist. She could hear the different families murmur affectionately amongst themselves.
        She came up on the stone columns of the parade grounds, any other day of the week it was a nice place to watch the local songstresses and other talent perform. Today, the town would gather here to worship Evaz'sa with Diame to guide them. Already a few of the acolytes were there, walking backwards in a circle, sweeping lacquered twig brooms left and right across the parade grounds. It cleared the dust and was said to cleanse the aether in the air, an old tradition to welcome the temple's High Priest. Eljuk was not there among the other acolytes, but he usually would be tending to scribe duties within the longhouse. The men and woman in the white tunics with dark blue vests all took a moment to bow and parted so Diame could pass through. She stood before the lake housing the four storied Water Temple, veiled in sixteen rushing waterfalls and an even denser cloud of mist surrounding the roaring basins. The moat before her was moving water that trenched into Teva's river, but the shallow walkway beneath was safe enough. She stepped through the gap between the columns and taking her decorated shoes off, dipped her feet the first step in. 
        The water still had night's chill, but she was very used to it and descended waist deep into the flowing frigid water. Diame could barely feel the brick path with her near numb toes as she waded across the moat of clear water. The waterfall reflected a transparent image of herself in the glassy wall above a basin of hazy mist. She watched her fair hand reach towards herself and was doused head down with cool spring water as she stepped through. Ascending a few underwater stairs, she walked knee deep through a narrow stone hallway.
        Up ahead in the temple's antechamber was another veil of blue, clear water. Behind it a half submerged crystal statue of a tall woman standing with a stern yet kind face. She was draped in a single cloth, revealing one breast; the sacred image of Evaz'sa. The tabernacle always filled the antechamber with a pale blue light, and Diame stepped through the glowing glass-like wall. She entered the square room of white marble with water steadily flowing up each wall and walked towards the idol. The bust was of the revered Goddess, holding her hands up and out in a blessing to the temple. Water poured from the statue's hands and eyes in small, clear waterfalls that were near blue from purity. She humbly knelt before the marble statue, submerging her stomach in the holy waters that were neither warm nor cold. 
        Her eyes closed and she held up her clasped hands, "Merciful Evas'za, I prostrate before thy hallowed name. Our holy protector, the righteous sword and benevolent shield, the children of Teva offer their gratitude. Show us thy kindness as we humble before thee. Protect us and chastise those who would do us harm." Diame fell silent and cleared her thoughts as she rocked back and forth. Staring into the glowing, blue water recalled images of her dream in detail. An ocean of fire. All the world consumed in darkness. She shook her head and continued her sacred communion, “My Lady, I must ask you for guidance. I offer my thanks for the visions you have gifted me, though what I have seen in these swevens house naught but a terrifying Daemon. It wreaks destruction and discord, set the sea aflame and your heavens burnt black.” She shuttered, she knew she spoke ineffable sights only seen by her, “I wish only to understand, God. I humbly ask that you enlighten me. Pray, with your infinite wisdom and mercy, show me a sign.” She fell silent and listened conscientiously for any inkling of what could be a response. In her prayer she breathed deeply of the damp air, calming her mind with a silent meditative mantra. Only the calming watery sounds of babbling streams resonated throughout the temple walls.
        She concentrated on the sound of the water flowing up around her, she heard it echo within the small room. It started to amplify louder, she could see herself within the room, looking down at herself from above. The room in her mind expanded and flattened out like an image on canvas, in the center was the pale glow of the of Evaz'sa idol. It grew brighter until it was a solid statue of blue light, then the marble walls around her stretched on and on until all melted into water.
        Diame felt herself lifted up, she opened her eyes and found herself outside overlooking Teva from atop the highest point of the Water Temple, the very tip of the waterfall pyramid. Her body was slightly transparent, looking out at her hands and arms, they could be seen through partially like a thick cloud of mist. She stepped out and stood on top of the flowing clear edge, looking down at the village beneath the waterfall cascades. Once she began her meditation she always found herself here and knew she had entered a sweven. 
        Above, an indigo sky housed the golden sun, hurling across the sky with an orange comet-like tail. A day was passing by before her eyes, the sun was high noon above her and it would set in a matter of moments. Clouds thatched apart and weaved back together continuously as they rolled with the wind. In the west, scattered islands in the sky each colored bold hues of orange, scarlet and purple, churning a storm. The east darkened and dotted with a blanket of constellations while the moon began to rise. 
        She stepped off the edge of the waterfall, and slid down the water on her heels. Down each level of the temple she went skiing slopes of water, and then skated across the lake. She stopped just before the stone steps entering the parade grounds. There was a bright glow, and she could see all of Teva's inhabitants out, but it was very quiet. Her silken face  carefully took in the scene around the pavilion, knowing her visions always contained cryptic meanings within literal messages. The crowd surrounded her, all perfectly still, holding a different pose or action in the circumference of the tall seven outer pillars. The sun had set and the moon had risen and was a size much bigger than in reality. The giant white saucer flew across the starry night sky with a transparent comet tail of what looked like snow. Beneath the cloudless sky was a lavishly decorated pavilion, brightly lit up with torch stands. Each person looked happy as if each had a reason to celebrate, most were dancing and some had bare feet hovering off the ground. The songstress Alura sat on a bench with her harp out, blonde hair furling down silken green holiday clothes. Her mouth was gaped like a frozen statue singing a jaunty lyric from a silent song the still people danced to. Most of the townsfolk held tankards full of mulled mudberry wine or plates full of food, nearby were carts full of all kinds of meals made from what was reaped from the fields. Beet and cabbage stew was the traditional meal in Teva, and a big cauldron was behind a cart lined with bowls. The sweet and tart scent of mudberries wafted in the air, a nearby stand held ten dozen or so freshly baked pies. The good farmwife Tilanda was in a velvet red bodice with a high cut golden skirt leant over the cart counter handing out heaping slices of pie to throngs of children and adults alike. Little Bethane was near her in a green holiday dress with a plate and face covered in purple-red pie alike.
        Diame walked through the gaps in the crowd around among her people examining the look on every familiar face. For what else I have seen, this image must forebode something good to come. Lots of coming rain, can only grow mudberries in mud, as they say. I don't foresee any excessive flooding, the Water Temple must be in balance. This looks like the summer harvest will be a well deserved time of celebration and repose. There was a small circle of children playing under the watchful eye of Mariden, an elderly nun she knew from Lux Grande dressed in a dark blue habit with silver hair tied back under her hood. The children were dancing with wide grins on their face, some had their feet a small space off the ground. All had hands about, dancing and played merrily. Little Sindha had scarlet hair with redness reminding Diame of her own. She wore a bright yellow dress and danced with young dark haired Edjar, a cute young lad in a light blue buttoned up shirt, men in Teva's formal holiday attire. Seeing there was a thin red string tied from the two's left second smallest fingers, Diame blushed. Oh my, they're so young, but I believe those two kids will grow up to become married one day. She turned and scanned all the smiling faces she cared for, and she would be able to tell them good things to lift their spirits. There were so few days in the year they would be truly able to sing and celebrate, and it all depends on if the weather would be fair. She would be glad to tell them she saw bards leading all the farmfolk in merrymaking. But then she thought of her other vision, though she didn't quite want to. This is all a good sign, but if what else I have seen in the other sweven comes to pass... before she imaged what could happen to everyone she cared for around her, she shut the image out of her mind. Nay, do not even entertain a thought about such a thing! What I saw outside of the temple doesn't stop the fact that this day of celebration will come. Why, even those babes have a life together promised, a sure tie of fate if I ever saw one. These are good signs that Teva's prosperity will indeed continue, I shall thank the Goddess for showing me such. The giant saucer of the moon waned as it flew across the sky, turning to a crescent, then faded to nothing but a glimmering trail of snow. Suddenly all the stars in the sky began to fade dot by dot, and the world was covered black. Just then she thought the glow from the torch stands brightened around her, and all the still people reflected a red light beaming from above. Diame turned around, clasped her hands around her mouth with a sharp gasp when she saw the enormous daemon looming above her in a fiery sky. God, nay! Pray, tell me this can not be so! 
        A stream of fire spewed forth from the daemon's mouth, small as a speck at first, then the bright glow built in the sky in a long stream. A blade of flame grew and fire billowed within the clouds above Teva with enough fire to burn away all the sky above the Valleys of Mist. 
        Eyes of Evaz'sa, watch over me! Diame looked among the villagers scattered about the parade grounds, all still frozen completely still with faces of jollity. God, do not let this befall Teva! I beg of you!
        Everything was nearly too bright to see from the redness of the light from the flame. Diame felt the sweltering heat sear her skin, and it was all she could do to run. She ducked under the arms forever raised in cheers with tankards overspilling wine splashes frozen in the air. Quickly through the small spaces between dancing villagers in holiday clothes hovering with their toes off the ground, and to the lake behind the two pillars. The Water Temple was still there, waterfalls still moving as if time never ceased its flow. She ran towards the lake's surface, but before she could reach it the waters lunged towards her. She felt the intense flames on her back from the fiery breath nearly almost consume her whole, then she was engulfed in a flood of cool water. She stood at the edge of the crowd that remained undisturbed, even while the water rose higher and higher. She was engulfed in a sea that continued to build until land was as though it were at the bottom of an ocean floor, the sky as the surface. What in the world is going on? What could possibly be foretold of this?
        Sky alit above was glowing and shedding its shifting down through the water in long beams. Diame stood completely underwater, all the villagers still as statues. All faded to blue, and then to darkness.
She could see far over the sea, past the vast horizon and felt the movement of all the world's water caressing her. Diame felt the ocean stir around her like she was swimming through a giant wave set sail across the sea. Sights of continents and kingdoms passed by her within the vision of her mystic eyes. The cold water was taking her farther than she had ever seen before, far beyond the Ijian seas. She soared just on the tips of her toes and bounded large waves skating hills of water. Pulled in a dance leaving an aetherial wake across the deep blue seas of Caelutera, Diame felt herself wrapped in an euphoric trance, carried by the ocean. Led by the light of the sun towards an icy peninsula there was a hovering shadow that obstructed the light. Brightness flashed and all vision turned to white, then she found her feet on land unable to be carried further. Slowly fading into her vision and disappearing into the sky was a gigantic, dilapidated tower. 
        Diame stood barefoot in a field of snow staring up in the shade cast by the tower that stretched endlessly into pure white sky. Only clad in the thin ceremonial robes, she huddled for warmth, shivering in the sudden unbearable cold. The pale landscape stretched on to a bleak white field of ice surrounding the tower's cast darkness. Sight in the distance faded into a flurry of falling snow, a land without any trees, sky or life. She fell to her knees, agonizingly succumbing to icy winds that chilled her bones. She then stammered to herself, “This place... could only be...” in disbelief, she reached out and picked up a handful of snow, it remained solid, not even her hand could melt it, “The Northern continent? Why... how...? Do mine eyes see a sweven or...” her air began to escape her, “Do I see as true as this cold bites?!” All her movement ceased with a sudden stop as she felt something on the back of her neck, the unkind warmth of someone's breath whispering. “Fah... Mess...” the wind spoke to her in a whispered cadence, the only sound carried by the wind. Then, the silent arctic air became too much for her. Overcome, she curled on the ground, her breath and body frozen still. Her skin turned a pale blue and the life left her frozen form. 
        Diame’s eyes sprang open as she gasped for air and found herself in the square room with four walls of water flowing up. She was in the safety of the shrine, yet she shook, shivering from the fear and cold. She breathed heavily, trying to catch it as if nearly drowned, but soon realized she was alright back within reality. The waters around her were neither warm nor cold, and she was safe in Teva village as if it were all a vision given as usual. She had never experienced something like that before, beyond compare even to the ominous daemon that haunts her visions so. “That wintry landscape...” she muttered in short breaths, “that was Desye, the Northlands, I’m sure of it.” She arose from the water, inspecting herself in disbelief as it trickled down her. She wasn't a frozen corpse, laid to rest in the snow. She remembered why she was here and straightened herself out. Calmly, she held herself and bowed graciously to the crystal statue. “Thank you, my Lady.” She stood there, processing what she had just seen. The ambience of the water flowed with her thoughts, the priestess' pondering mind was awash with many thoughts. 
        Diame put up her hands in prayer, “Blessed be the Hallowed Spring that overfloweth. May your eyes watch down on all the children of Teva.” The priestess moved back her wet red hair from her face to look more proper. Clearing her throat, she turned to the waterfall veil flowing up with sunlight pouring in behind it. 


        Walking out of the temple through the glass-like water and into the brightness of the cloudy day, it was apparent the sun had risen over the valley. The villagers were talking amongst themselves, gathered just across the water in the parade grounds. When they caught sight of Diame, they fell to a silence with hushed murmurs. She crossed the underwater bridge and stepped up the staircase to stand between the stone columns. Discreetly, she slid her shoes back on that were there hiding behind the column. 
        Diame was soaked from the sacred waters, and she did what she normally did to begin her prayers. She looked up at the sun rise, a mere bright splotch within the fog surrounding the village. She could feel the warm rays trying to push back the overcast, and Diame raised her arms and envisioned the sun within her mind. She called for the light hiding behind the clouds, felt all the light around her. She willed it to become brighter, warmer. She could feel a sense of safety, like a calming presence was there beside her. 
        A ray of sunlight shone in an aura around the High Priestess of Water, she was enveloped in a gentle gust of warm wind which dried her and her garments off. The light continued to grow, and a warming circle enveloped the parade grounds, soothing all within. The villagers of Teva clasped their hands up and whispered prayers, then excitedly muted themselves. Every day they worked and eagerly waited for the day the Priestess would reveal her wisdom. She smiled at the crowd and enjoyed the warm glow around her that faded, but a small patch of morning blue sky remained in the silver clouds above.
        Diame stood there glowing serenely whilst basking in the column of golden light descending gently above. She took some time to regather some lost strength from casting the spell, the sweven she experienced today especially tired her. She stood at a meager height, though her status was anything but. Her hair was long, down to the middle of her back, braided and a beautiful deep golden-red. Her blue eyes shone like polished sapphires beheld in starlight, and they showed compassion, grace, and conviction. The priestess wore her gilded circlet, fancy shoes and white ceremonial robe, lined with threads of gold intricately worked into flower petals. The priestess was a mysterious young woman aged only twenty-four years. Eight years past, youth hindered the peoples' trust in the new sixteen-year-old High Priestess. Now, her uncanny talent for magick and soothsayings have her seen as a celebrated leader by Teva's many generations. Born in Lux Grande under the mystic star of Pisces, Diame always had strong psychic abilities as a young girl having premonitions and dreaming true. When it was discovered she was also adept at water magick, she was sent to the temple to become an acolyte under the old High Priest of Water. He became a powerful mentor to Diame in a short amount of time, but within a year of her coming to Teva he tragically died. With surprise to her, he passed on his title of High Priest of Water, and gave the responsibility of looking after his flock all to her. It took her several years to not only win the trust of Teva's people, but also self master her own magickal talents. The sudden taking on of all these tasks with never even having time to grieve for her lost mentor has only reinforced her belief in Faith, that everything happens for greater reasons under the guidance of God. Diame was a symbol of that Faith for these pious people, and they lived peacefully under the protection of the Water Temple. She silently looked at the villagers and smiled at them diligently. 
        Diame stood only a stride from everyone she knew, the village gathered entire. Workers had left their tools wherever they were to attend, then would return right back to work in the fields. What am I to tell them? She raised her voice and preached clearly, “Miraculous is Holy Evaz'sa, for we have indeed received her blessing. Our Lady has allowed me yet another sweven bearing great tidings...!” The audience still listened attentively, with smiling faces and mouthes gaped. Diame saw the patience on all the faces of the familiar crowd to know what she has seen. A hellish daemon consigns Teva and all of Caelutera to perish in flames and flood, meanwhile I have the bitter luxury to die alone in a field of ice... how can I say these things to my flock? I couldn't possibly panic these poor people! Her eyes shifted, they sought to meet truthfully with another to speak, and all the familiar Faithful eyes sought the truth. She cleared her throat, hoping the words would find themselves, “I saw...” she looked ahead and saw Eljuk lone behind the crowd. Her closest friend was staring at her with those knowing brown eyes. She felt like if she had to lie, it would be best if were his eyes she looked straight into. “... another bountiful harvest. The rainy seasons are to come late, but they shall be strong. Some storms and flooding, but then an early summer harvest. All the work this moon shall carry on to the next.” The crowd erupted in a whispered clamor, chatter that once carried the cadence of worry turned bated joy. “May the eyes of Evaz'sa continue to watch all of us.” She said as she moved her hand in a circle, making seven gestures with her right hand as a blessing. She met each face of her kin one by one as she went through the pavilion. The beaming smile of Tilanda in her sun hat and work dress, her two children beside her. Many families were there with their children out in their work uniforms, all of them Faithful farmers she all knew and once worked the fields with. She blessed them with a move of her hand if they requested, and many talked to her. It was tradition that assured the connection of their work to their religion, Mersday was a day to have their spirits uplifted and know their hard work would be promised rewards. More people talked to her, Alura the songstress and her husband Cimond, a master chef for the Village were glad to hear there would be more need for merrymaking.
From amid the crowd, little Sindha was running straight up to Diame, her red hair tied up in a small sunhat adorned with a small yellow flower. Her brown haired mother Jilda was closely behind her with a straw sunhat and work clothes on as well. Speaking carefully in a high pitched yet soft voice Sindha said, "Lady Diame, does God truly favor us? Are we truly safe here?" She stared straight up at the priestess with those shining green eyes. They were usually bright with innocence, but today, they had genuine concern. She looked startled, scared even. She was the only one among the crowd not smiling, and it was a child who asked such a fearful question.
Diame looked down at the child in work uniform, her pure eyes locked with her own. Thoughts of her vision pushed to the front of her mind, but it served no purpose to think of that now and she shut the images out. Why is she so afeared? She is a child instilled with good Faith like all the others, she should feel Evaz'sa's love and presence. "Of course God favors us and will protect us, dear child." She knelt down to meet with Sindha's face, and continued softly. "Now, why do you ask such a sad thing like that?" Diame gave her an assuring smile. 
"Dada has been gone for six... or maybe seven moons now." Sindha counted on her fingers, trying to remember. She looked scared, and her mother stood behind her, looking solemn yet with a slight smile.
Her father is a soldier in Ijia's Gray Guard. Poor dear, she must have heard some of the town's rumors about war. But, even worse could befall if what I have seen turns out true. Nay! Think not on that. The festival brings happy times, the day she will wed is many good years away. Diame took a deep breath and shrugged off a touch of fluster. "As long as we each remain true to our Faith, God will always grant us and those we love her light and protection." She blessed over her head with a gentle hand, "May the eyes of Evaz'sa watch you, child." The child seemed to smile, but Diame wished she could have said something with more meaning. However, all would be a lie anyway since she kept secret the truth she had seen. That was all she could think about as villagers came to her one by one as she gradually made her way back to her house. Once inside, she would enter her cloister and could not talk to anyone until three sunrises had past. Before going back to work, the town folk took this last chance to give their thanks to her before she would meditate on her swevens. Nearly down the road back to her house, she looked back at the throngs of village farmers marching out the gates back into the morning mist of the fields. One more familiar face still walked towards her in the thinning fog, Eljuk in his acolyte uniform with holstered blade on back. Diame turned and went under the ivy arch back into her lilac and herb garden, her smiling façade faded and instead a distraught stretch took place on her face. 
"A good morrow to you, Your Grace." Eljuk's deep, dutiful voice bid her.
Diame was just before the few steps leading up to the wooden door to her blue stone house, she turned back to her friend finding him standing between the ivy vines in the arch. I do wish I could ask him for advice about everything I have seen. But, that wisdom I must find myself within cloister. She took a short breath and calmed herself to retain that cool serenity she always wore. "Good morrow, brother Eljuk. How fares you this Mersday?" She even managed to let loose a small smile.
"Many things are well and in order, Your Ladyship. The farm folk are diligently working a fine spring harvest from the fields as well as tilling and sowing seeds for next season." Eljuk straightened his blue vest out as he walked down the garden's cobblestone path in the pale brightness of the mists' morning glow. "They all seem to be in good spirits, and all the farmers say we will see it through to the summer." he stopped before her, taking a moment to admire the scent of lilacs in her garden.
"Well then, truly a reward for our Faith." Diame nodded. "Evaz'sa's benevolent eyes watch over Teva and may she continue to do so." She quietly fumbled with the gold flowers in her ceremonial dress.
"How fares you, Diame? Are you in better cheer?" Eljuk had a look on his face not of concern, but of hopefulness that what disturbed her had passed. "Did you find the answers you needed?"
I am now cast adrift in a sea full of questions, and nary of its drops contain an answer. "Mhmn." Diame squeaked curtly in agreement, her blue eyes serenely stared off at her garden, a peaceful reminder of home. Her eyes shifted back to his, and they had not moved as if she had said nothing.
"Are you sure all is well? Anything else of burden on your mind?" He said in pursuit. 
"Aye! I mean, nay! Pray, all is well, the Hallowed Spring and the Water Temple are well, and oh!" She smiled, a small smile yet she regretted it was almost too assuring, "Many things are promised to come, I daresay. This sweven had so many uplifting, pleasant sights to pour over, why, I'll be fortunate enough to be cloistered up for only the three days!" A nervous laughter reminding her of a giggly doe-eyed girl came from her, and she cut it short. She could feel the heat of embarrassment as she tried to keep up the smiling farce. She noticed Eljuk had the resolve of the earth in his brown eyes, when he was dissatisfied with the answers given, the gravity of his questions always grew with building persistence. He sees I still suffer from troublesome soothsayings, even after meditating within the temple's hallowed walls. Obviously, the good acolyte would be able to see through the giddy dolt lass charade. But, how can I confide any of this sweven within him? What advise could he give me if all that I have seen is the destruction of Teva? What advice could anyone give me...?
He tilted his head as he usually did when he was concerned. "Nothing at all?"
"Mayhap I am just a might tired from seeing so many different, vivid things. I'll need a long meditation once I enter my cloister, and you know, rest to get me wits back." Why did you have to say it like that!? He's staring at me like I'm a babbling fool! Oh, I wish he would simply let me enter my cloister in peace, I have so many cyphers within all these swevens I must meditate on. The festival, maybe the lands flooded will be a good thing, if there is so much fire raining down. Nay! What can three days time allow me to discern the weather forecast from this?!  Diame gave her head a distract shake, her red curls swayed side by side off her gilded circlet, and she focused the blue gems of her gaze back to him, "Eyes and blessings on you, Eljuk. You are a true man of Faith as well as a true friend. All is well, for your helpful advice hath soothed my woes and rekindled the virtue of 'the Faith is begotten by all and not alone.'" He smirked in response, but still stood there expectant for more. What is he waiting for? Diame continued, "If there's nothing else...?" 
Eljuk nodded, then took a breath that seemed to be of relief, reassurance. "Your Ladyship, your words encourage my daily duties to Lux Grande as well as to Teva. Pray, do not let me tarry you any further from your divine duties. I am glad God has given you these good sights. I take it you've writ them to Bishop Melbourne already so I may send it." Diame stared in blank abashment, "I'll need to send that soon so the pidge can ride the early northern winds."
"O-oh!" She stammered, and cleared her throat speaking with clear assurance, "Aye, indeed! I do have that writ." She gave a slight nod with a humble bow, "So, let me go get that quickly so the pidge does not tire her wings." Diame whipped around to her home made of powder blue stone and creaked the wooden door open. The pale yellow parchment seemed to glow on the table from catching the morning sunshine that filled her home. She took a brisk stride in and grabbed the small letter written in black ink laying dry on the table, and turned back to Eljuk waiting in her doorway. Fool girl! Where was your head? She smiled at him. "Here you are." She calmly took a step forward and handed out the slip of paper. 
He took it, checked the ink if it would run with his thumb, and not a smudge was to be seen. "Thank you, good friend." Eljuk folded it and put it in a pocket in his vest. "And with this may I take all your woes and replace with reassurances. Bishop Malbourne will read this and reply soon, I am sure." He said with a nod.
Even if that letter reaches him, will that be enough to provoke a response? "A-aye." she said absently. Among all the so many carefully selected words in what she wrote when she awoke, she could not even say much detail about the dream she had of the night before. Then, the daemonic apparition appeared yet again within the temple walls, another astonishing vision she must meditate up on. The sweven given to me this morn was beyond clear of what fate is to befall Teva, and I must write yet another report after my cloister. But even then would I still receive a reply? Will a response granting an audience be sent at last?
        As Eljuk cleared his throat, he glanced down the path, "By and by, I shall not tarry you any longer. In three suns, Lady Diame." he said with dutiful admiration on his face.
        Three days to ponder of this, certainly now is not the time. "Aye, friend." She placed her silken hand on his tan, rough-hewn hand, "You are a true support as well as a dutiful worker for the church as well as the people. May Her Eyes watch over you." the High Priestess finished with her other hand making the blessing gesture and let her arm drop.
        He let a smile that gleamed with genuine piety. "Eyes watch over you as well. Faith and God willing, a letter will have arrived by next we meet. Peace, friend." With a final nod, he closed the door behind him.
        Alone within her home, Diame gave a bated sigh as she relaxed and brushed her long, red curls out of her face. The blue stone walls of the interior were illuminated by the brightness of the early dawn. Wisps of fog wafted in through the windows on the wall and ceiling, catching beams of light and making cloudy columns of mist. She took a step and leant on the windowsill to gaze through the glass blurred with cold. Unable to see any faces clearly through the morning haze, she could still make out people moving up and down the trail to the fields in the distance, "The world spinning around me will never cease. What I saw wasn't reality, the Goddess always speaks to me in cryptic imagery." Yet, what I see in my mind will always inevitably clash with reality. She shook her head, red hair swayed side to side down her face, and she turned from the window. Taking off her fancy shoes, she set them aside in her wardrobe and removed the circlet holding down her volumes of hair. She admired the two bands of gold, weaved together in curved ovals to look like waves of the sea. In the middle was a small pearl hanging from a tiny gilt chain that dangled down over her forehead when worn. It was one gift among many from Lux Grande to anoint her position as High Priestess of the Water Temple. She ran a finger over its burnished sheen, and placed it back in the wardrobe shelf, closing it behind her. See a sweven once a week. Three suns to remain undisturbed and meditate on it over and over. Then, live amongst the people for four days, and Mersday comes once more to continue the cycle of Faith. She thought of every time she had soothsaid the weather true, bringing bounty and happiness to her people. Taking a few steps to her small kitchen area, she opened a cupboard revealing a pantry full of fresh produce reaped from the fields. All were individually bundled and separated in small amounts but she had a little of everything in the small space. Some ears of corn, loaves of bread, potatoes, mudberries and beets line the shelves and small jars containing cornmeal, salt and sugar were stocked as well. A small breakfast to repose my strength, then my meditations for the day begin. She took a jar of the cornmeal and some beets, and began making a small fire in her metal stove.


Outside, the thick clouds of morning mist had only just fully lit up from silver to white by the ascending sun. Eljuk trod down the towns cobblestone path, greeting those who walked by on their way back to the fields. He continued down the cobblestone road to the acolyte's longhouse to attend to his morning duties. The large building was all made of traditional Tevan blue stone and clay with wide and slightly bulged out glass windows on each of its three stories. It housed many of the acolytes, as well as a place the entire town could congregate in. For being the largest man made building in Teva, it was dwarfed only by the Water Temple. Eljuk walked along the path through the open-gated archway to his home where he and others would continue their morning duties. 
Opening one of the double doors, Eljuk stepped into the solemn atmosphere of the Church's office. Many of the villagers at work within were dressed in acolyte livery the same as his, white tunics with dark blue vests above dressed on the young and old alike. All were tending to their usual responsibilities, fair haired Monika sat behind a desk and gave Eljuk a nod as he entered. He's seen her many times yet this morning, and she was enveloped in piles of paperwork. The hallways split up two different directions, the wider one leading to the big chambers the entire town could sit inside for important discussions. Only a few people were within, he recognized a few familiar voices discussing matters of how the town's produce would be split among its people or what was to be sold in export. Down the narrower hallway it stretched on with many doors on either side with acolytes going in and out, some with paperwork tending to official business. Some carried brooms and decanters of holy water from the lake, the usual method for cleansing. He continued down the narrow hall, passing people he knew who greeted him but he responded with merely a nod. His fingers unconsciously patted the note in his vest, a constant reminder of the duty that came first. 
A passing doorway in the hall was open, within the good nun Mariden in an all dark blue habit recited passages from The Divine Manifest. Children sat in a circle around her listening attentively to her, immersed in tales of miracle workings and acts of Evaz'sa. They would be instilled with the good teachings of the church, and learn the importance of Teva's traditions. While the young ones were not yet old enough to work in the fields, their precious youth was best spent spiritually growing while the adults and older kids worked the fields. 
Eljuk came up on the last door at the end of the hall, and he opened it leading him into a small room for the mail. Built into the end wall of the post room was a row of wooden cages thatched with thinly woven wire. Within came sounds of soft cooing and chirping from the pigeons and birds kept within. A greying man sat back in a large leather worked chair at a table lit in the morning's light from a nearby window. He wore a loosened white tunic with his blue vest off, hung on a rack behind him. A large gold ring with a carved eye and seven pointed star signet adorned one of his fingers, and he always held it up while he read. A mess of letters, envelopes, blank parchments and calligraphy utensils were all strewn about his desk's surface, but it was a perfectly normal sight. The man at the desk was reading something through the spectacles on his nose so intently he didn't notice Eljuk's presence. "A good morrow to you, brother Gellard." Eljuk bid him.
The middle aged man glanced up from the letter in front of his eyes for only a moment, "Good morrow, brother Eljuk." he said in a throaty voice as he went back to reading.
Eljuk took the letter out of his poke and held it in front of Gellard. "The High Priestess wishes to send this." His earthy eyes stared dutifully at him, waiting with the letter held out. 
Gellard let out a slight grunt and put what he was reading down regretfully. He took the small piece of parchment and held it out to read who it was addressed to, "Her Ladyship wishes to send another letter to Bishop Malbourne, I see."
"Aye, I would like to send it as soon as it is prepared."
The greying man nodded and slid the letter into an envelope, then rummaged beneath the scattered papers. Gellard found a hidden small box that contained a flint and matches. He lit a candle on his desk with a small brass dish affixed above it. From the box he pulled out a small cube of dark violet wax and placed it on the heating dish.
Eljuk made his way over the the cages built into the wall, which had parts cut out where the birds could fly into a larger caged area outside. All falconry were separated by breed in the dual habitat homes, mostly all pigeons separated by where they will travel to. Besides that, there were a few hawks of varying size and crest in the larger cages. The cooing of the pigeons fluttered as if excited to see him, and Eljuk smirked as he wondered about all the places where all his birds had been. "Let's see... which pidge..." he muttered to himself, and partially talking to the birds. On a cage labeled with a blue and checkered mark, he looked over all the pigeons that flew to Ijia. All the pigeons that had been sent had returned, but none with a letter in reply. The lack of response letters was disheartening for the acolyte, yet it would never waver his duty or his Faith, especially if Lady Diame wished to keep sending them. However, to keep sending important letters without receiving a reply would not do either. "Something must be done differently to ensure its safe delivery into His Graces hands, yet it must be done with subtlety. But what?" he muttered to himself distract amidst the birds' gentle cooing.
As he finished writing the sender and addressee down on a tiny slip of paper, Gellard placed it face down on a metallic plate, then pulled out from a drawer a thin cylinder made of featherweight bone. He took Diame's letter writ on the small parchment and carefully rolled it into a scroll, then slipped it inside the tube, and closed an end that popped on. With a pair of metal tongs, he took the bone tube by the ends and dipped it into the brass dish full of violet wax. He turned the bone cylinder a few times giving it a thin coat, then took the message container out placing it on the addressee label on the metal plate. The layer of warm wax was a brighter hue purple on the white bone, and while it was still melty, Gellard carefully stamped it with the signet of his ring. He held his fist down, pressing gently against the soft wax, impatiently waiting for it to cool. He looked up at Eljuk wondering why he took his time pondering which pigeon he would send, the most obvious choice being the ones that fly to Ijia. He shook his head and grumbled, thankful to be the postmaster and not a falconer.
The gray pigeons looked all the same at first glance, but each one had a difference about them Eljuk had memorized, as well as naming all three dozen birds he cared for. Within the cage with the blue and checkered mark, reliable blue-crested Ine returned from Ijia just this morning, without a response from His Grace. His fast glider, Lila, was the first one he sent in the urgency when Diame's unsettling dream first began. The red-crested pigeon returned empty taloned as well. The couple of larger cages near the end of the row housed a pair of red-tail hawks, but they were outside in the wide open bird dome. He entertained a thought of using one of these birds of prey to send the message for a moment, it would certainly get the point across. He chuckled to himself, and put the thought aside. If the large bird startled His Holiness, it might do more harm than good.
Removing his pressed ring from the coat of wax, Gellard held up the small, dark violet message container inspecting the Eye of Evaz'sa sigil imprinted on it. It was to his standards, and he placed the small tube on top of the mess of paperwork. "Here, brother. It is done." he licked his fingers and put out the candle's flame, then picked up the letter he was reading and continued as if he never stopped.
"If I send another pidge, dare I dwell on the thought of it returning without a response once more?" Eljuk thought to himself aloud. There was a medium sized cage for holding merlins, a smaller bird breed resembling the likeness of hawks, but about a hair width or two shorter than a pigeon. While most of them were outside in their connecting outdoor dome, a single merlin sat on a perch in the indoor cage. They all have grey-brown feathered wings with white tips, but this particular one had an especially furled breast coat, with fluffy white short feathers and bright brown spots of down. Eljuk recognized Maji with ease, and he knelt down closer to better see through the wire cage. A bright yellow beak nestled between a pair of pebbled black eyes that seemed almost too large for the pigeon-hawk's small size. Its shining dark eyes peered back into Eljuk's earth brown gaze as he crouched beside the wood-and-wire cage. Out of the assortment of all the different birds cooing, chirping, and moving about the indoor-outdoor cages, this merlin was silent, almost with intent, it seemed. "Mayhap, you would do the trick, little Maji." Eljuk said with his kind falconer's voice, all too used to talking with his birds. "Wouldn't you like to take a long flight and let those caged wings soar?" The merlin's eyes widened, tiny black pebbles grew to reveal hidden irises of gold peeping out from under feathered eyelids. The gilt ring of the bird's gaze flared for a moment as if it glowed, then retracted back to its normal stare. Eljuk bolted to stand upright, taken aback as if the bird had spoke to reply. 
With a quiet ruffle of paper, Gellard lifted his eyes off the letter in his hands to give Eljuk a scrutinizing stare. Then he eyed the letter capsule he made, then went back to reading, muttering something about haste and waste under his breath.
Looking down at the cage containing Maji, Eljuk nodded to the bird as if making an agreement. He made his way to a wall containing a small closet that had his all his falconers' gear inside. Hanging on the wall, a large leather glove for resting a bird on his arm and a small chest of drawers that had various cloth bags containing objects from a variety of areas. Different scents, colors and plant materials helped train and remind the birds how to find their way. He grabbed his glove and a small cloth satchel painted with black and white squares and a blue stripe marked 'Kingdom of Ijia'.


Enjoying the last few bites of her polenta and beets, Diame savored her hearty breakfast. The last corner of mudberry jam toast was burnt slightly just how she liked, and her hunger sated as she ate the final piece. She finished with a gulp of water from a glass chalice gleaming in condensation, and she sighed, satisfied from her self made meal. She leant back in her seat and looking up from her cleared plate, the sun light was beaming in through the windows, clearly into the mid morning. "'Tis well past the hour, already? Then I shan't tarry with what I must perform." She said arising from her seat, and a strange dizzy fatigue made her sit right back down. Her head rushed for a moment, and then she regained herself. "Oh, eyes watch o'er me..." she said nearly lost of breath. The water in the chalice stirred in a powerful current, a spinning vortex formed daring to tip the glass. Diame reached forward to keep the shaking chalice safely on the table. "Still." She whispered. The water rippled once then ceased in an instant, regaining regular unmoving placidity. She sat back once more in her seat, only a trifle touched with worry. "My affinity towards water is deftly more sensitive than usual. Given into my mind as well with the multitude of visions must have been a vast amount of aether." Slowly she sat up, and carefully made it to her feet as to not agitate her lightheadedness. It was not unusual to manipulate water without intention for Diame at times, but it became an inevitability after receiving a sweven within the Water Temple. She took a glass jar full of water and walked barefoot to her meditation chamber.
Parting the white silk curtains, she stepped within the single beam of light coming down from above in the small connected room. Against the wall covered with unlit candles and magic stones was her sacred altar. Her white marble Eye of Evaz'sa statue on the star-embroidered midnight blue cloth seemed to glow in the light. She sat on the floor on a soft cushion, and placed the decanter of lake water on the floor in the light before her. "I'll have to make especial use of these three days to cleanse myself of this excessive aether." She slowed her breathing, and took several deep inhales. The sweet scent of the unlit myrrh incense wafted from her altar, and she relaxed as well she could. She was still uneasy from the extraordinary visions she saw, as well as shaky from being infused with a vast amount of magickal energy. 
The temple gave her visions every Mersday, the day when the world's element is the most powerfully attuned to Water. The overwhelming Water aether used to give Diame her visions also would linger on within her, and if not released, would begin to effect the other water elements around her. The glass almost tipping over wasn't nearly as bad as other incidents with Diame's involuntary use of magick. One Mersday years ago, she had just emerged from the temple to address her flock, and after lingering around for too long, she made a farmer's nearby sealed water casque burst. While it did not cause much damage but dousing everyone around with water, it did startle the pious people that she did lose control over her element. When she trained as a mage in Lux Grande, it was normal for one who can conduct magicks to do so without intent sometimes. Even still, it panicked her people, as they saw their leader lose control. After that incident in particular, the young High Priestess Diame grew even more strict in her practices to gain back the village's trust and reassure their Faith in her and the Church. 
With her eyes closed, she envisioned the glass decanter before her on the floor, its clear water swirled effervescently with the morning sunlight. She felt her mind reach out, the sensation felt like an invisible arm extending out from her head towards the water. She felt the curious sensation of her invisible fingertips dip into the cool water, feeling the depth of every droplet fused together. It felt like dipping one's hand into a jar of tiny glass beads, and she scooped up what she felt like would be a handful of them. As she sat cross-legged on the cushion, Diame opened her eyes and saw hovering above the glass jar an orb of water. It was about the size of a large fist, more than she intended to conduct, but it would do for her meditations. She kept her concentration firm, feeling a gentle flow of energy dissipating out from her as the clear sphere spun at eye level before her. All the excessive energy retained in the High Priestess from her vision every seven days is allowed to be expelled by this process of meditation in the cloistering process. 
The ball of water hovered in the air, nearly keeping a perfect spherical shape while tiny waves rippled across its surface. The light contained within it spun slowly, Diame focused on that before she closed her eyes once more, feeling the steady flow of energy leave her. Invisible strings could be seen within her mind, thin aethereal strands that connected element to magician. With this bond of affinity made, she began the next rites to perform. Keeping the globe of water floating was performed easily enough, but continuing to do so while dwelling on what she had seen in her swevens would be the real ordeal. For three days this would be done, releasing aethereal energy until quelled and controllable, and when she would be satisfied in what answers her meditations would bring.
Diame uttered a near silent prayer, concentrating on  holding the water sphere afloat as well as trying to reflect up on all the different things she had seen in her visions. The parade grounds full of the smiling faces of Teva's villagers entered her mind first. A festival will be in the future, lots of mulled wine and pies were abundant more than anything else. Substantial rain will happen to suggest a bounty of mudberries, yet so much celebration and other crops will grow as to say there will not be flooding. I do believe this forebodes stable weather in the coming weeks, reassuring tidings indeed to share with the farm folk. Almost satisfied with the answer to one question, she nearly wished she could end her meditation as if it were complete. However, she knew there was much more of what she had seen to reflect up on, and a touch of fear shivered her. The watery sphere wobbled for only a moment, but Diame's focus did not waver. She took a deep breath and held it in, attempting to ready her strength to delve deeper into the things seen in her mind. The fire in the sky and the daemon gigantic above Teva, the water temple flooding the entire valley. What thing so terrible threatens Teva? Through the incinerating cinder clouds a ferocious face appeared imprinted in the burning mist. The daemon roared down from above, and the Water Temple submerged the sky with flood. Would the wicked shambles of the underworld be foully at work attempting to undo the world of the Goddess? How? Their leader and legions were felled ages long past. What remains of their defeated remnants are forever banished by the light of the sun and moon, they cannot have a presence on the surface of Caelutera. My duty is to protect this town, what will happen to all my people? To the world? And with all this, who knows when the church will ever care to send a response?
The orb of water floating in her mind as well as in reality split, and two spheres of clear water hovered above the glass urn. It startled her for only a moment to see the floating waters separate without intent, but, with all that she saw in her dreams and within the temple, she figured the waters would be stirring more strangely in this cloister. Better for that to be done here in her chambers where the volatile aether can be released safely.
"My swevens have never been haunted by these terrible things before. 'Twas only in that dream I had the night after my last visit into the Water Temple. That hulking daemon overseeing our world, with fire wielded to rent a wrathful path." Taking a deep breath, Diame recalled her dreams that seemed to force their way into her head. The daemon overshadowed the world engulfed in flame. There is no good to come of this, yet I see it in my mind over and over again. What is there I can do from thinking about this at home for three days and nights?
A thin ray of light split from the orbs, and water cascaded from the two into a third. The three spheres all contained the same amount of water, and hovered over the glass urn. The two daemons she saw, one in a dream during cloister and then the other from the vision in the Water Temple. There was a flood, and she remembered emerging from the sea, and arriving in the snow of the Northern Lands. A gigantic tower that pierced the sky with wide, crumbling marble walls thick like a mighty fortress. Diame remembered herself in its black shadow cast in the white field of snow, and the chills that killed her in the cold. Surely, that had nothing to do with the village. Yet, why did I see myself there? 
She took a deep breath and felt the currents of aether leaving her intensify. Within her mind's eye, she visualized the three balls of water darting in between one another above the glass urn. A single watery globe floated between the other two in succession making a zig-zagging trinity in orbit. My vision of overlooking the cliff into the ocean, the giant daemon that took up the sky... some calamity shall affect the world. The daemon looms over the village... the lives of Teva are threatened directly. I see myself alone in that hellish ice field condemned to an inevitable death, why? What could seeing myself in the Northlands convey but something cryptic as what I've seen in visions of the weather? But, is there not a terrible threat tied to all that I have seen? Could the ancient daemons of the underworld become a threat to Caelutera once again? Impossible! God promises to keep all Her children safe, just as the sun arises the heavens every morn to cleanse all below with its light, just as the moon comes to take its place to protect the world at night. Not even minor daemonic creatures can hide in the shadows, how could a titanic daemon engulf the world in destruction as well as Teva? If the world is to meet its end, why am I to die alone in the ice field? In frustration and fear, she shivered as if a chill had taken the air. What happened to the sweven promising peace and bounty for the village? Is harvest and celebration feasts to come and go, dashed as a daemon shows itself thereafter? Will that happen after Sindha and Edjar marry in years to come? But, what of the tower in snow storm? The images spun in her head, the conflicting three visions vying to make sense, but she had only decrypted premonitions about weather predictions before. She pondered all this harder, the three spheres of water flew faster in a chaotic orbit. There will be bountiful harvests for Teva, that must be the only vision I am meant to know of the weather. I could ponder and speculate what tons of mudberries and wine mean, but, I was given two horrible sights of daemons, and seeing myself sent off all the way to the barren northern edge of the world! What purpose does any of this fulfill?! She opened her eyes, and gasped for air in a panic. The three hovering spheres of water froze in place, keeping themselves still at eye level in front of her face. She stared at them for a moment in her collected thoughts, but if all were to be destroyed, what good could meditating on it in her cloister do? She looked up at the beam of light swathing down from the window in the stone ceiling, pleading, face grimaced in desperation and tears. "What in holy Evaz'sa's name does all this possibly mean!?" she shouted in a strained, nearly hoarse voice. The three orbs of water lost their form and each one wobbled back together until nearly remolding back into a shape of a single orb. She felt her concentration lost, the current of aether severed to the floating body of water, and it regained its gravity. The large misshapen sphere of water landed with all its weight against the glass urn, and it tipped over with a loud crash and an explosive splash. Water and shards of glass spread out everywhere against the stone floor, and all was the momentary loud breaking of glass. Then she stared in silence at the large curved fragments of the urn glistening in the morning sunlight. Small glints of colorful prisms appeared in the smaller pieces, while the larger had a green tint to the broken edges of the fallen decanter. Tears ran down her cream colored face as she took sharp inhales, shaking fingertips softly wiped away each droplet that formed anew.
"What am I to do?" she sobbed into her sodden hands. She parted her loose curls of red locks out from her face and sat up in her cushion, rocking back and forth. She took several deep inhales to calm her shaken nerves, an attempt to find some peace within such a disharmonious meditation. "Evaz'sa, please, would you tell me what to do?!" she pleaded desperately to the empty room. The glistening wetness across the stone pooled together in a lurch, regathering with the scattered glass shards as the water ebbed across the floor. Within her mind's eye she could see currents of aether, thin glowing blue lines all stemmed from her and branched out, connecting randomly to the boarder of the reforming pool of water. Strands arched out and snapped, then reformed, flickering in and out of existence. She took yet another deep breath and held it calm and fast, desperate to gain ahold of her emotions. Her mind went silent with serenity at will, and prayed it would calm the chaos in her mind as well as within her meditation chamber. All the ties of aether connected to her faded into near unseen wisps that plumed in the air, and the pool along the floor dispersed, spreading out the spilt water and split glass once more. 
Brushing her hand against her face she felt the severed current of aether on a spot of tender flesh in the middle of her forehead. I can feel the overflowing temple aether within me, my affinity to control water is more volatile than ever. Yet, I am expected to quietly replay what I have seen over and over, and rid myself of this excessive aether so I may retain mastery over my magicks. But what of my visions? I can not simply sit here for three days just waiting to address my people. What could I possibly tell them when all I have seen is their lives and the world in danger!? How can I keep their Faith strong when the church will not even send a reply to Teva, to acknowledge the dangers of which I have seen!? She took a long sigh and whispered to herself, "What am I to do?" Her gaze cast down once more at the shattered glass, reminiscing of how often she had used it. Every vision given to her through the temple from the last eight years she had created those orbs of water to meditate with. She had lost control only a few times before when she was especially brimming with water aether, but never like this. Never to where it all came crashing down, to when she could no longer sit in calm placidity within her chamber walls. For all the grim spectacle seen, she could only believe it a mere glimpse of what threat might befall the world as well as her village. Although unable to find any meaning of why these daemons were presented in her visions, the thought crossed her mind that 'twas still early dawn and she had just barely began searching for answers within cloister. The notion of continuing this strenuous meditation for the rest of this day and more to come turned the meal in her stomach.
Wiping the final tears from her face, Diame noticed the fair skin of her hands were much paler than usual, and overwhelmed she wished to lie down. She slowly stood up, keeping on the dry stone behind her cushion, wary of the glass shards all across the floor before her. "What a disastrous mess I have made of my chambers." She sighed dejectedly and shook her head. The white silk curtains leading back into her kitchen were only a few steps away, but she risked stepping on a sharp shard of glass if she moved forward even a toe. She leant against the stone chamber wall deciding what to do with herself, searching for something of use in the room to help. Only her altar with unlit candles, incense, colorful stones and the white marble seven pointed star were within the room with her, resting in the sunlight on the star embroidered table cloth. The single Eye of Evaz'sa in its center stared back at her, but it quickly became apparent that that and the other sacred objects given by the church were of no use to her right now. Looking down, the red cushion she sat up on lay on the ground, seemingly dry before the pool of water on the stone. "First things first, I need safely out of my chambers. Needlessly giving myself a bad cut is all I need to worry about preventing." 
Diame pushed the red cushion forward with one foot, the tiny pieces of wet glass scraping against the stone floor beneath it gave off an unsettling sound. She shuddered as if she had stepped on one, but continued to push the red pillow forward until she could not extend her leg anymore. Now it was about halfway between where she stood and the curtains hanging from the threshold back into her home. She cringed as downcast eyes followed a trail of small, wet feathers in its wake. She clenched her teeth and felt bad about ruining the pillow as it, too was a gift given to her by the church, as well as the statue and urn. But, assuringly, she nodded to herself that she was doing what had to be done to simply leave the room at this point. Bravely yet with her weight held back, she put one foot into the air and slowly balanced so she would place it as gently as she could atop the pillow as to not move it. With one foot on the dry stone and the other on the red cushion, she looked down at the sea of broken glass beneath her. "Careful now. Do not make bloody fool of yourself and get hurt." But if she had any regrets about trying to cross the glass, it was too late now that she was the bridge over it. 
Putting her weight forward and firmly settling on the cushion with one foot, and with a single motion she brought herself to stand both feet atop it. She wiggled her bare toes and a sodden squishing sound came up from the bottom of the pillow, painfully reminding her of the things entrusted to her she had just destroyed. Leaving the small room a graceful motion, she parted the white curtains with one foot and placed it though, just outside her meditation chamber onto the cool stone tiles of the kitchen. One foot was out to freedom, her leg above countless shards of broken glass, with the rest of all her weight on the one foot still on the cushion. She could feel the indents of the thin pieces of glass from beneath, gradually working their way through the fabric. The longer she waited like this, wobbling slightly to keep balance, the sharper and more direct she could feel the shards breaking anew and cutting through feathers. This might have been too big of a distance to cross... crossed her mind before she could make the final motion to freedom. A pointed pebble of glass that threatened to tear through the pillow fabric was near close enough to prick the bottom of her foot. Unable wait any longer, she leapt forward, throwing all her slender weight forward as hard as she could. Lunging towards the white curtains to follow her already freed leg, she gasped as the pillow beneath her slipped back as she flung herself forward. Even worse, as the priestess fell towards the shards of glass on the stone floor, her foot caught onto the cushion and flung it straight into the air as well. As she tumbled forward, Diame reached out and tightly grabbed ahold of the white silk curtains hanging down off the threshold, and barely a toe off the floor, managed to swing herself the rest of the way out of her chambers. 
She fell to the stone floor hard against her thigh with her other leg banged up against the table, and in the chaotic whirl, wrapped herself head to feet with the white silk curtains as they ripped out from the doorway. As soon as she shook the fallen drapes off of her face, she saw the airborne red pillow land against the Eye of Evaz'sa statue centered in her altar. A rain of feathers descended and danced above the marble sculpture as it wobbled back and forth, teetering towards the edge of the table and threatened to fall to the stone floor as the sodden pillow hung off one of its seven points. Eyes wide with panic, Diame struggled to free her arms and legs from the silken binds. If she hurried, she could unwrap out of this tangle and leap back into the glass-filled chambers in time to catch the precious statue. An arm slipped out, and with a hand loose, she freed the other, whilst pulling and kicking hard against the drapes around her legs, but all the effort did no good. The curtains somehow were wrapped up so tightly around her legs from the fall they might as well been steel chains. A slow final teeter off the altar, and gravity pulled the Eye of Evaz'sa to the stone floor.
"Nay!" She shouted in near breathless desperation as the holy symbol of her Faith tumbled upside down. "Pray, stop!" Diame reached towards the open doorway with a free hand and grabbed at the elemental aether within the chambers. In a split moment, the water on the chamber floor stirred and pooled together, gathering all the glimmering glints of glass. A misshapen globe of dusty water and broken glass formed at the floor, rippling by the resounding strain of her voice. The marble statue crashed through the sphere of water and smashed into pieces against the floor. Water exploded in every direction with splashes carrying glass shards with it, fragments of the seven pointed star strew about the floor in the chamber, and the house filled with the loud boom of breaking stone. Diame raised the silk drapes and covered her face, shielding herself from the flying droplets and shards of glass, then sat there, shrouded in shocked silence.
She took a deep breath, and cautiously pushed the damp silk off her head and parted the curls of her long red locks. Diame gasped. Before her, the sacred chamber used so many times for countless meditations and infinite insights lay destroyed in complete disarray. The fallen marble statue lay in the pool of water, fragmented into several pieces. All the star points broken off and scattered, the eye in the statue's center cracked straight down the middle. Only now did she notice the open torn pillow on her altar and some of her magickal objects fallen to the floor during the chaos. Some of her colorful stones lay in dusty puddles with a small pile of wet, ruined incense sticks. A few feathers remained aloft, drifting slowly in the air above the wreckage as if they would never touch it.
In sheer disbelief, Diame leant forward on her hands and knees against the cold stone. She took in the state of her meditation chambers, and blinked. The unsettling scenery changed not, her eyes focused on what remained the same, filled with the vain hope it would change. Putting a crawling hand forward to bring herself closer to her chamber, she immediately retracted it as soon as her palm touched the floor and felt the sharpness of a tiny glass shard. "Ouch!" She brought her hand back and sat up, inspecting it for a wound. No blood presented itself, fortunately for her. Diame's shocked gaze locked onto the shattered Eye of Evaz'sa, taking in her other ruined artifacts among it, much less the disarray in her sacred chamber and home! Shaking her head at the surreal surroundings, she tightly clutched the curtains 'till her hands were as white as the silk. "Eyes watch over me, what have I done?" she muttered to herself in astonished whispers. She moved her legs, the curtains loosened and slipped off smoothly. She took a pause and wondered why the tightly wrapped drapes were so impossible to remove before, perhaps it was her struggled panic that made the tangle worse. 
"Well, no use worrying about what will become of these, now." She put a harsh emphasis on the 'now'. Diame tossed one of the drapes before her, the white silk furled and made a large rectangle across the kitchen's stone floor. Some water droplets seeped through making the sheet a little darker in places, and she threw the second drape over it. Cautiously, she placed a hand down on the double layered silk, feeling traces of wetness and some small bumps of dull sharpness, but at least it was safe enough that she could move about her home. Diame moved her bare feet and hands towards her chamber as she crouched across the drapes, not willing to further test her luck by standing upright. She sat on her knees, her hands grabbed at the single stone step covered with silk, and she leant over the mess she had made. The marble fragments were in so many pieces, she couldn't possibly grab them all, and the larger pieces of broken glass would cut right through the silk if she tried the same trick in there. A cut within dirty water is not something she wanted, yet she wished she could grab every fragment of the statue and somehow piece it back together. But there was no way she could re-enter the chambers at this point, even if she could manipulate water, there were no holy images to guide her in her meditations. My visions, these important swevens given from God! How am I to gain any insight on all the horrors I have seen if my inner sanctuary is no longer safe to even enter? She sat helplessly leaning over the open threshold, consumed in thought, staring down at the floating feathers and drowning fragments of her Faith. Staring back from the stone floor was her sad reflection, to which her teardrops could only add to the pool of water.


Diving in a large swooping circle, the pigeon hawk landed back on the oversized leather glove snugly fit on Eljuk's right hand. The thin, violet cylinder with a tiny seven-pointed star signet imprinted in its wax hung from the bird's talon, affixed to a small, strong string. Eljuk had tested Maji's flight out and was surprised with the speed the small wings could bear. Maji furled and fluttered his wings, then preened a couple of his white and brown spotted breast feathers with his small, yellow beak. He had been inside of the smaller bird enclosures, one of many big dome structures made from woven wire that allowed for minimal flight. In that space, many species of birds could stretch and glide their wings, Eljuk made sure they all were trained to return to test their flight regularly. By now, he had already tested Maji's flight several times, and prepared the bird to carrying the important letter Diame wrote for the bishop. In his left hand he held a small jute sachet full of things from the northern coast, rich with the scents and colors of Maji's destination. A branch bursting with dried indigo flowers stuck out from the bag, showing the bird the unique moon blossoms that only grow in the Kingdom of Ijia. Their sweet scent was faint, but with a keener sense of smell, the well-trained bird could travel a long distance with just a memory of the aroma. However, after several attempts at sending Maji on his flight, the pigeon-hawk returned one after another, the letter capsule swaying off its talon dully.
Shifting his shoulders, Eljuk adjusted his blue vest as he held the bird on his gloved arm. The bird's tiny black eyes stared straight back at the acolyte's earthy brown with an uncanny light of intelligence. He considered why the bird had not taken flight yet, with all the training given, there was no reason why Maji hadn't flown off into the free skies. "Carry on now, Maji." Eljuk spoke clearly and kindly, with only a touch of impatience. He held out the moon blossom branch to the bird, to which Maji brushed his beak against the blue petals. He began to gnaw on a piece, then stopped and turned back to the falconer, giving a small chirp. Eljuk smiled at the sound, it usually meant the bird was prepared and ready, yet after several tries of this, the bird merely returned to his glove. Masking his frustration, Eljuk took a breath and calmed his nerves. "You understand where it is you must go, aye?" The bird's black orbs stared back with glints of the morning sunlight glistening in them, patiently and awaiting. "Then, to Ijia! Take flight!" He raised his arm up high, Maji flapped his wings and swooped up towards the misty morning sky. Making a large circle around the back of the acolyte's longhouse, he soared above his fellow avians in their domed homes. Eljuk watched the bird overhead with bated excitement, then to his dismay, the pigeon hawk swooped down towards him. He raised his glove forward reluctantly, and Maji slowed his dive flapping his wings forward, then dropped and latched onto the glove with his talons. Eljuk's patience was nearly vexed to the point of shouting, but with little avail in that, he let out an exhausted sigh. The bird simply stared back at Eljuk with small black eyes full of light, giving signs of every intention he meant to take flight. "Does something ail you, Maji? Are you not well?" He asked himself, knowing the bird had no symptoms of illness. The bird merely titled his head expectantly, tightly perched on the falconer's glove. The thought crossed his mind of putting the small pigeon-hawk back in its dome and choosing a regular pigeon, he even once again entertained the thought of sending Claw his red-tailed hawk. But, something in the pidge's two, small black marbles rested on his yellow beak spoke of some intent in the bird's mind. The way the bird knowingly stared back at him, Eljuk was even more determined to have this intelligent bird take flight. He had to send this letter of the highest importance, for his close friend, for the High Priestess. This was the will of God, using Diame as a divine instrument, and Eljuk a mere branching extension of the work of the Church. He filled his lungs with the morning air and the faint musk of bird cages, his resolve restored with the comfort of his Faith. He once again put the moon blossoms before Maji, and the pigeon-hawk brushed his beak against the dried petals playfully once more.


DIAME sat slumped at her kitchen table, the priestess' listless face cupped in hands trembling to be still. She had stared at the broken remnants of her Faith for so long before she realized there was nothing reasonable she could do besides sit beside herself. She had thought of trying to conduct the water in her chambers with magick, perhaps float it all out the window, or she could use the sunlight to dry it all up, then at least she could get to the fragments of the broken Eye of Evaz'sa. If she managed that, she could repair the marble pieces back into something of a seven pointed star. She couldn't see all the fragments, but knew they all had to be in her chambers somewhere. However, in such a shaken state of mind, performing magick would an unwise option. So, here she sat back in her seat, trying to control the overflowing well of quiet weeping.
What am I to do now? She folded her hands into her lap, and glanced over her shoulder to the still destroyed chambers, unable to make the image stay in her mind as real. She shuddered and closed her eyes and wove her fingers together, clasped in prayer. "Eyes of merciful Evaz'sa, watch over me! I am but a humble servant to your will! If what swevens you have shown me be horrors to come in the future, I believe thee! If it be thy will to take away the guidance of thy hallowed images, be it so!" 'Tis not an an errant coincidence God has given me these visions to meditate on, then takes away my only means to find any insight in the cryptic images. For all I know, what seems to be a random string of misfortunes, perhaps 'twas meant to be? A test of my Faith to see what I would do without my chambers, without the means to meditate? She shook her head and brushed back a bunch of red curls with her fingertips, trying to focus not on the sight of the chambers through the corner of her eye. "But, if I'm wrong about this being a sign from the divine, then I am naught but a foolish, clumsy lass." But, how could I wreak havoc like this to myself and my things? Well I do know how, but what is done is nearly too much to bear. Disparaged in a plight of Faith, she sighed a long, exasperated breath, although, she did feel as though she did strike a cord of truth within her thoughts. "Is this all just a test of my Faith?" She chuckled as she added, "Is not life, in all its brevity, just a test of Faith to be judged and guided by the merciful will of Evaz'sa?" The slight giggle only brought her back to the reality of wistful thoughts. 
She still had important duties of Faith to perform, duties to herself as well as to the Church. Coursing within her blood, she was aware of the presence of powerful aethereal energy. Every time she barely touched the thought of using her magick, pulses of watery coolness coursed through her blood. Where Diame would find a sacred place, safe within her thoughts to release this power, she knew not. The visions of Teva and the world threatened by flood and flame, Daemons that engulfed the sky, the tower in the field of ice... they were so cryptic, are bad omens to come to her home? Worse things to come to the world? Strange things have happened today, but, where could she lose herself in meditation to find meanings to all of what she has seen? She was home, in cloister, unable to leave, forbidden to speak to another, and remain perfectly calm until three days have passed. Diame had done this priestly duty hundreds of times, every visit to the temple had been simple visions to discern the weather, every dream was peaceful and never anything to cause her unrest. Her letters to His Holiness have not yet replied too long after they should have, and the careful words she must use do not allow details of what she has seen to be conveyed. Alone, she sat in her home, trying not to think of everything she has seen besides what had happened to her home, yet it was the only thing she could think of.
"If I just sit here for three days..." Diame muttered to herself, nearly on the brink of tears but trembling her head, furiously shaking her curls of red. "What good will become of all this?! I could meditate all I wanted, send a dozen letters to His Holiness," she gave a frustrated twist to the title, "The good Bishop would still not send reply! Even to letters saying 'tomorrow snow or fire may fall from the sky!'" she scoffed. Taking a moment, she sat upright, straightening her hair and skirts. "If I question the actions of the Church, I very well question my Faith. But how can I fulfill my duties as a Priestess, sitting here still and unsure? All this knowledge I hold won't mean a thing if it hasn't reached anyone outside the village gates! But the cloister can not be broken!" 
Glancing back to her chambers at the broken Eye of Evaz'sa statue, Diame shook her head and turned to the misty morning light shining in through her windows. The green of her garden shone through, as well as the pale blue morning sunlight. "For all the world out there, would I withhold what I have seen for maintaining Faith? I would stay truer to ensure the Church is informed of these disturbing visions. Letters will not suffice, I do not think the one sent this morning will bring about any change like the others I have sent. If I am to stay in cloister, well," she cleared her throat gingerly, "that duty cannot be performed now, so within these three days, I can not speak to anyone..." She arose, walking carefully across the silk laid on stone towards the windows, making out the blurs of people through the foggy glass. "So, if no one in town saw me leave," she pondered, "Well, Ijia isn't that far of a distance by foot. If I start now in the early morn, I may arrive by tomorrow evening." She had a years old memory of one of the few occasions she traveled to the ruling kingdom situated at the northern coast. The High Priestess only needed a five carriage procession consisting of Elder church members and high ranked Knights Templar, all the required transportation provided by Lux Grande. A big ceremony in Ijia's giant cathedral was where she first met the Bishop Malbourne briefly before the ceremony ended and she was rushed back to Teva within the same day. She pondered if the distance was walkable, and paced towards her bedside at the end of her home opposite of her chamber. 
Beneath the large blue book bearing the metallic Eye of Evaz'sa, Diame pulled open a drawer from her nightstand table. There among papers and broken sealed scrolls of past letters was a cloth bundle. Unfolding it, an old tattered scroll made of thicker parchment was curled and smelled of old must within. She unraveled it over the book, dust and brittle chips of paper fell off, but well drawn black lines on pale, sandy colored paper outlined the continent on which she lived. Tracing out with her finger the faint lines of the map, she looked for the small symbol for Teva among the mountains. There, a series of squares turned inside each other, with many rivers flowing from it down from the mountainous region the rolling hills designated the Valley of Mist. "Let me see..." Diame thoughtfully traced her finger searching a road she could use once she had walked past the farmlands and village which weren't drawn on the map, but would be nearby the Water Temple's symbol. There was a road she could use once she was up and out of the valley, down the mountains, and through the common fields. The road branched off as it continued north, and with mountainous terrain blocking the path further, the paths split up going into the mountains or straight to the east and west. One pathway went into a central forest, low between the tall mountains and she remembered hearing the forest route was often ventured by merchants. Past the forest, the road continued alongside ocean and sandy shores, the Kingdom of Ijia itself merely a stones throw away farther to the northeast. Drawn out with lines that seemed to exaggerate its size on paper, three tall towers protruded from a walled castle built alongside the two tallest mountains on the Ijian continent. The castle town rested down near the water, a map marking by its outer walls showed four squares, only two filled in to show even black and white checkers.
Diame sat down in her bed unaware she had done so, lost in thought and held the map up before her blue eyes, scanning it carefully. "I believe the distance would take a two days' walk, maybe a single day if I had left before dawn. Our Lady willing if I hurry, I could return with a carriage before three days would end, explain my absence, and be back in time for next Mersday's sweven for certain even if I break the silence of my cloister to tell Bishop Malbourne straight to his ear what I have seen." Diame nodded, "It pains me to leave my home in this thrashed condition, and it must be a secret to not rouse the town, but I haven't the time to tell anyone. I must go. I must tell His Grace what has me so perturbed at once!" She rolled the scroll up and threw it back in the cloth bag she found it in. 
Standing to her feet, she wondered what she would bring on her journey. Her driftwood staff, for magick as well for walking, that was leaning up on the wall by her wardrobe. Her wardrobe. She would ruin the ceremonial gown she wore if traveled in, and it wouldn't be comfortable to walk in after long either. She slid the white flowing robe off her shoulders, letting it and the embroidered gold flowers fall to the floor. In nothing but her shift, she opened the wardrobe doors and thought about what clothing and things to bring.


THE FALCONER held out the branch of moon blossoms patiently while coaxing the pigeon-hawk to remember its scent, but it merely nuzzled against the dried blue flowers, and took a dried petal in its bright yellow beak and began to playfully chew on it. Eljuk was hoping that his patient training was working as Maji was trying to figure out everything about the textures and tastes of the sweet scented flower. Then the bird spit it out, deliberately turning his big dark eyes to meet with his trainer, then let out a loud chirp. Eljuk was unsure what Maji was trying to communicate, the brown-spotted pigeon-hawk rested on his glove, eyes locked with his. 
Eljuk had sent Maji on letter deliveries before, and he or no other bird ever acted so peculiar than this morning. The falconer had sent him to fly off several times, each time the bird returned, looking somewhat confused, like it was waiting for another command. "What else could he be waiting for?" he asked himself with a sigh. "I may as well just put Maji back and retrieve Ine for this letter." He said disappointedly, yet it really did not matter which bird was sent. Eljuk had to send this letter soon and thought a better trained bird would have taken flight already. He lowered his arm with the pigeon-hawk docilely perched, and carried him back to the domed cages. 
Eljuk leant forward to slide the wood grating opening Maji's woven wire home with other birds of his kind perched within. As soon as he reached to remove the small violet letter capsule, the pidgeon-hawk let out a squawk and flapped its wings fervently. Eljuk closed the cage door and stood upright, "Hey, hey," he said calmly as he gently stroked the feathers on the bird's back with a single ungloved finger "Easy, friend." The pigeon-hawk ruffled its feathers as it rested its dark wings by its brown-spotted sides. Shining jet eyes stared back at him full of wry intelligence, widening revealing a golden iris ring.
Eljuk blinked and took a step back, a chill sent a shock up his spine, and he marveled at the intense stare the creature was giving him. Perhaps Maji has at last finished flourishing his wings. Or thought it would be better to soar the freedom of this task rather than perched here waiting, musing 'When might I fly the skies again?' within caged walls? 
Eljuk turned from the domed cage and the pigeon-hawk unfurled and beat his wings more wildly than before. Eljuk raised his arm high to avoid colliding with the small bird. 
Maji leapt forward with wings fluttering, the small violet letter capsule tied to him dangled as he took off. Over the domed cages and the motes of mist, the bird ascended skyward.    His wings beat fast, caught on ascending squalls of wind, skimming over low, gray clouds. Maji's wings soared over the columns of mist billowing above the four-squares tower of the Water Temple, the cold mist on his feathers rolling off in the wind.
Gliding above the glassy lake, Maji's shadow cut across his reflection on waters shining the blue of morning hue. Past the seven columned parade grounds, he flew high over the blue domes of village homes lined down the spread out rivers carrying dense pockets of fog. 
Past the short fencing bordering Teva, round stone buildings for holding produce were but small pebbles dotting the rolling valley beneath him. Countless stone buildings centered in the varieties of fields overabundant with the fruits of Teva's laboring farm folk. Well tended to greenery grew in large patches that stretched all up and down deep hillsides filled with the villagers hard at work. The farther the pidgeon-hawk flew, the chill of the mist thinned, and warmer squalls of morning air caught his wings. Higher and higher Maji sailed closer to the blue of the new sun. Further up he soared, until he were above the fog and mountains yet beneath the billowing clouds. In the distance the vast farmland of Teva thinned out, and the rivers stretched on down the slope. Green, open fields were in the far off distance holding the sky with cloud-piercing columns of sun beams brightening grassy lands rounded by the northern mountain range. With wings spread wide, Maji began his long flight towards the northern kingdom, gliding on guiding wind, faint with the carried scent of moon blossoms.




        II.1. Perseverance of Piety 


THE HIGH PRIESTESS straightened out the furls of the dark blue robe she donned over a mid-necked, white silk dress. Diame put on what she deemed the most comfortable to walk the vast distance in, and straightened her long curls of scarlet down her back. She placed the woven gold circlet around her hairline, holding back her locks and letting a small teardrop shaped pearl hang from a tiny gold chain in the center of her forehead. 
Making her way to the light spilling in from the window, Diame pressed against the stone wall near it to have another take at the villagers going about their business. I am supposed to be in here performing my duty of discerning divination to give Teva good news of the weather. If anyone saw me outside my home, it would cause quite a stir among the Faith of my flock. Good sister Mariden's heart would surely leap to her throat if I blatantly broke the oath of cloister, not even a good explanation would bide the ensued chaos. Not that I have one able to give... There hadn't been too much movement in the bright green outside, an indication that many who had been waiting for Mersday morning prayers had already joined with those who prepared the fields at dawn. Almost everyone in the village would be at work in the fields except the elderly who took care of the very young, or artists busy with their craft. Only a few of the acolytes stayed in the longhouse for important Church matters while others helped with village work. 
Diame thought she should be fine making her way out of town as long as she managed to pass the village gates with an unseen face. That would be best only before all would return for prayers and sup at high noon. Would I make it past the farmlands before then? She remembered the bumps drawn on the map had wriggles for the several rivers spreading out down the slopes of the Valleys of Mist. 
"Three bridges," she reminded herself, "Until the farmlands stretch no further." She thought of what might be in the lands beyond that. What places she had never stopped at in the few times she passed by them behind the screen of a carriage and protected escort. She didn't recall the procession having a single problem on the road, as it has been kept safe for travelers by spread out Ijian Knights for hundreds of years. She should make it just as swiftly and see for herself what it was like to be a real traveler out on the road.
On the table she double checked the cloth satchel if she needed anything else for the road.Within, a change of clothes, food consisting of bread, a few potatoes and a small jar of whole mudberries, a leathern flask full of cool lake water, and the bag holding the rolled up, tattered map of the region she studied her route well from.
 The rolling valley would steeply lead out of the mountainous region Teva situates on, down into wide open countryside fields where the road split, leading into many small provinces. The roads that traveled north.Would meet with many passes through the Granite mountain range, but she had no intention to take those treacherous routes. She would take the road through the Shadowed Glenn, a forest nestled between a dip in the mountains. After there, the coastline led north to the twin mountains holding Ijia Castle, town and the cathedral housing Bishop Malbourne. 
"If I am to go, then it must be now." she said with a nod of importance as she fastened the buckles of her bag then strapped the sack to her back over her shoulder. 
"I must be back before my cloister ends, yet if not..." She checked the freshly written letter addressed to Eljuk laid out to dry on the table. If he entered looking to find her, instead would be so many words asking for patience and that she intends to return as soon as she could. "I do hope I can walk this distance and be back to tend to my flock. God, forgive me for resolving to break this oath of cloister, but no other options lay at my feet."
She knelt and slipped on her soft leather boots, best fit for walking. As she tightened the laces, she glanced at the state of her broken altar, and shook her head, turning back to it her lacework. "What is done can not be undone. For every thing, this must be so." Diame tightened the knots and stood, then turned to reach for her staff laying against the cedar wardrobe and she took up the sun-whitened driftwood. It almost came up to her shoulder as she held it firmly on the ground, staring at her door.
"Well then." Diame donned the blue hood over her head and pulled back her red curls, making sure they were hidden in her robe. Taking a step to the door, she gave a smile of resolve. "To Ijia!"
As the door quietly creaked open, she stepped down into her sunny front yard enclosed by ivied fences. Diame wouldn't smell the scent of her lilacs in a while, and filled her lungs with of her garden as she marched toward the open archway leading out.


Closing the door behind him, Eljuk entered the post room and noticed Mariden in her domed nun hat, chatting with Gerard at his desk. The falconer began taking the buckles off the big glove covering his arm, and the sister turned to him with a smile.
"Eljuk, I had been waiting to ask you so many questions," Mariden began, "I was just having a little chat with postmaster Gerard, here, and I just wondered about Diame. You know, I am so at peace knowing she sees tranquil weather to come, however, this one question,"
As he put his falconers gear away, Eljuk listened to her concerns as well as he listened to the cooing of his birds in their wooden homes. "Good sister," He tried not to interrupt her rudely, "Would you accompany me to my post? I'm sure we could talk on the way."
Mariden nodded delightedly and asked many questions about Diame on their way out through the halls of the longhouse. Gerard wore a brief refrain of relief on his face as he went back to work, shuffling letters around his desk.


Behind her dark blue hood, Diame walked down the misty road between the homes and up babbling river. In the distance, the waterfalls flowing down the four square towers of the Water Temple centered the lake. Its still running waters were seated so deep, despite all its connected rivers, it looked like it never moved. A shimmering mirror surface reflected the brightness of the clouds that at last began to part, letting down a few thin sunbeam columns. The road would lead right by the waters edge to the village gates, and as she thought, many people were absent from the home lined road. She continued down the road, her face hidden and her staff taking steps beside her. 
A group of faces she knew came down the road, each carrying farm equipment. Diame kept her head down, they walked by her without heed of her. Letting a heave of relief, she kept down the road where it split in two; one path leading right to the parade grounds, the left would continue along the lakeside and towards the village gate. She went down the left road, quickening her stride by the water's edge, beside the loud crashing of the temple's waterfalls. 
A wave of light swathed over the Water Temple, Diame stopped in her tracks. The temple's towering waterfalls seemed to glow blue for a moment, then faded away to clear waters. She stood there, and felt mildly dizzy, yet that faded as well. She hadn't carried around so much water aether before, she could see where there was usually unseen spirit energy at work. She had yet to grow accustomed to seeing that glow within water outside of her meditation chambers. She continued down the road without time to ponder it. 
Down the road was the multiple storied longhouse, and past that the archway bearing 'Teva' on it appeared out of the mist. Once I am on my way, I will be unmarred from finishing what I set out to do and return. Eyes watch over me, let this be the correct path I have chosen.
Up ahead, coming down from the road leading up to the longhouse were two people. Diame thought nothing of them and kept walking at the same pace as normally as she could. The haze cleared and she could clearly see them, Eljuk in his acolyte attire with sister Mariden by his side crossing to the gate. They had glanced at her and kept walking to the gate, caught up in conversation. I will have to hide my face from my friends, and am I to be so bold as to try to pass right by them? Would they truly not recognize me? I only hope so, or my journey is cut short here and now. She shuddered at the thought of what repercussions she would face, and further at the thought of having to go back home and remain unheard! She tightened her grip on her staff and with the other hand held onto the strap of her satchel. She marched forward as inconspicuously as possible, wishfully praying that she could pass them by invisibly. The adrenaline moving her forward rushed through her, and yet started to make her feel faint.


Coming up on his usual post at the front gate, Eljuk answered as many questions of the weather and assurances to the good nun as he could. It seemed to put her at ease, talking to one who is such close friends with the High Priestess as he. Especially at a time when Diame is unable to hear her people whilst within cloister.
Eljuk leant against the column of the gate, and told Mariden only that he had been sending many letters off for Diame, and that good news is like to reply soon. She seemed delighted to hear that, and asked if he knew any more tidings. He looked up and noticed a person shrouded in a blue robe approaching to exit the gates. He wondered who it was, but decided he wouldn't harry them, and turned back to continue his talk with Mariden. 
The elderly nun held her garb tighter, brushing water droplets off the dark blue domed hat of her habit. "Has the weather not gotten a might colder lately?" She said in a shiver. "I think the mist 'as picked up quite a bit." She looked down, and indeed, the mist had thickened in pockets on the ground around them. The falconer and nun were momentarily abashed, around them there was a blanket of white. Neither could see a few paces beyond them as it seemed the night's fog had rolled back in. "Shouldn't the morning mist have passed by by now?" The good nun pointed out wisely. 
Eljuk brushed the chilled mist off his arms, thinking it was indeed odd, yet not too out of the ordinary. "'Tis just morning fog. Its course could change just as easily as a draft of wind wills." He assured her. That robed figure just appeared before him in the fog, he realized, and up close noticed the large bag. Perhaps a northern merchant has finished his visit. Of course, the gates are as free for him to use as anyone else.
"True, the Lady Priestess did say heavy rains would return. Perhaps the valley will be as bountiful as ever this spring." A wide grin split the kind wrinkles of her face, "More rain means more berries, which mean more mudberry pie!" she said excitedly. "And other kinds as well, have you tried the..."
"Aye," He turned back to her and continued, "I can not wait for this next harvest either," The hooded person passed behind Mariden as she asked Eljuk what his favorite feast time food was so she would prepare some for him. He turned back, "Oh, that isn't necessary, good sister," Eljuk searched again for the robed person, and he or she already had passed out the gate, vanishing into a blanket of white fog. "Indeed, I do enjoy shepherds pie," he said distractedly.
A chill seemed to be lifted from the air, and all around them, the brightness of day warmed him and the nun. The sight-hindering fog rolled away as quickly as it had settled in, and he could once again see the lake housing the Water Temple as clearly as he could before, only now noticing it was out of vision a moment ago.
"Well, looks like the wind did change after all." Mariden straightened her back, enjoying the sunlight. "Strange times for the weather to be changing so suddenly."
"Aye." Only now Eljuk thought it was a little peculiar the mist coalesced so thickly like that. Strange goings on were happening today, he wondered if Maji was faring well in such weather. Staring up at the road, the mist had cleared, and that traveling person in the blue robe was far up the hill, and already descending down the slope, disappearing behind it completely. He turned back to the good nun and although he continued the conversation, a thought nagged at the back of his mind. Who could that fellow have been? 


The sound of water grew louder as she descended down the slope of the first hill to the first river. Diame kept her pace forward as the dirt road led into the stone bricked bridge across. Ahead the dirt road was lined with large fields that stretched out far down, up an down hills, sometimes sloping down and disappearing into mist. 
Diame heard the chatter of the people as they hacked off ears of husked blue corn with sickles and filled baskets with as many as they could carry, then in turn take all they had to one of many central domed buildings centered between the crops. All were far too busy to see beyond their work, she hoped, and no one seemed to be down the road, only in the fields. She kept her hood down and walked staff in hand, up and down the bounding hills of the valley. 
Down another hill, she caught sight of the second river up ahead, and down the road a little ways was the next stone bridge. She kept having spells of dizziness every so often, but she related it to how nervous she was, sneaking by a hundred or so people who would all but recognize her. Nearly halfway out of Teva, I have only just begun what I set out to do, and the brisk wind is at my back. My path's fortune must indeed be watched over. She continued the march of her boots through the loamy earth, the bridge just over the next big hill.


Knelt close to the ground, Jilda plucked a ripe handful of mudberries from one of the countless small shrubs growing in the acre, and stuffed them into her basket, her haul already nearly full. She dusted the dirt and dark purple berry juice off her hands on the already dirty white apron of her gray work uniform, and looked up out from her sunhat. She had been keeping a close watch on young Sindha who had only just begun to work alongside her. She too had a basket full of berries, if it be a smaller one. Kneeling there beside her, she was just at her eye level, "Very good, I believe that's your last one the morning." She said with gentle cheer. "You've worked so hard, forty baskets full already." 
Sindha looked tiredly up from underneath her straw hat. The exhaustion on her face was replaced with a touch of excitement as she asked, "May I go play at Edjar's house?"
"Aye, my bunny. Of course you may," Jilda straightened a red curl of her daughter's hair out of her face, "Right after you deliver your last basket, go straight home. I have many more berries to pick," she motioned to the rest of the farmland.
"Aye, mum." The girl said as she ran off in the mudberry field to the closest domed central building to drop off her reaped bounty. In through the blue stone archway she went, inside there were giant wooden bushels bursting full of the thumb-sized, purple berries. She emptied her basket into a smaller bushel, and set it beside there. When she would be old enough to use a sickle, she'd farm corn ears, but for now, picking mudberries and beets. She left the same way she came, and headed for the path back to the village homes.


Taking her first step onto the bridge, Diame swept her hand down the cool stone railing as she crossed. She leant over to see her hooded reflection waving in the babbling current as it stared back at her. Her knowing blue eyes even gazing into herself, questioning yet again if her actions are necessary. Must I truly abandon the holy oaths that I have yet sworn to God and Lux Grande to uphold? The vow of cloister is to be upheld as any other sacred duties of the High Priesthood. I do not have my title by virtue of not being within my chambers meditating at this very moment. She shook her head, "I already made the decision to leave. To ensure the warning of my ineffable swevens reach the ears of the Bishop. The Church must know what can be done, for what am I to do by myself entrusted with what sights God has shown me?" She sharply reminded herself her important message would get nowhere by her just standing there. If she had a rock in her hand, she would have thrown it into the river. Diame turned, and a small figure emerged out of the mist in the middle of the bridge. She nearly jumped out of her robe, as she recognized Sindha standing there in her sunhat and field worn clothes. Fearing the child had seen her, she grabbed at her hood, tugging it over her face, hoping it remained hidden and unrecognizable. She took a step to continue walking, hoping to pass her by as if she never stopped.
"Bonnie weather this morn, aye, your holiness?" Sindha said sweetly as she stood there, tired yet willfully expectant for an answer.
She saw my face and recognized me right on the spot. All the pain of her lost hopes grieved her hidden face, Diame then stopped dead in her tracks, mouth agape with shock. She feared having to return, to answer the town for having broken cloister. Why did I do it? Why did I break my oath? I am a fool who couldn't have held onto her virtue of patience just a little longer to see the near day His Grace's will send swift reply! She stood holding her weight on her staff, her journey cut short. Then she saw Sindha's bright eyes staring at her, awaiting answer still. Diame realized she had been afraid of a child, she hid her face from innocence which sees naught evil, nary wrongdoing. "Aye, bonnie weather indeed." Diame worked the words out with what air she had to wring from breathless surprise.
"Mum said I could go play at Edjar's house." Sindha smiled, "I picked forty baskets full of mudberries today!" she looked exhausted, yet proud, and showed off hands stained violet with juice to show it.
"O-oh, did you now?" Diame shifted her travel sack as she listened to the girl excitedly talk of how she would skip stones with Edjar, and how she was better at it than he. Eyes watch over me, what do I do? Anyone else would know I was supposed to be in my home now, yet would I lie to her for her to believe otherwise? Nay, I would never rewrite the rules of the Faith to benefit what I seek out to do. Yet, this child hasn't even questioned why I am out on the road. Could I possibly still be able to leave now? Oh, mercy of God, I would have rather passed in silence than have to lie to a child! Is that what my visions called for me to do? Wait, my visions did say... She recalled her vision, seeing Sindha and Edjar dancing together in the lit up parade grounds and a transparent yet bright red string tied their ring fingers together. "You said you have been playing with little Edjar as of late?" Diame asked, curiously.
"Aye, he always tries to skip stones farther, but I've beat him in anything he could do at least once. But he can still pick berries faster than me, for sure." Sindha gave a stout nod to that fact.
Two lives have already begun to intertwine as an early childhood friendship. What fate I have seen as matured in the future hasn't sprouted and is still within in its first seeds, unshelled and freshly sown into the present. Diame knelt down to meet face to face with Sindha's, listening to the lass talk of childhood games as the priestess still searched for the right words to say. She wouldn't lie nor make up a wild story, and she had to continue her clandestine journey soon before it turned very short lived. As I learn of something shown to me confirmed, here and now, does that not mean everything else I have seen hold the same merit as well? Is this not where I am supposed to be right now, right at this very moment, listening to Sindha speak fondly of Edjar to confirm everything else in the future? She began to feel dizzy, yet she kept herself clear and knew what she would say. "Sindha," she began, serene and calmly, "I have a secret I must tell you."
Bemused at being stopped mid story, the child simply replied, "What?"
"I am to sojourn far away," The priestess tried not to stumble over her words as she spoke, "and do something," she continued on while staring into those prying, innocent eyes of the young girl sharing the same Faith. "very important." 
"You're leaving Teva?" The girl asked, curiously piqued with confusion.
Diame nodded to her awaiting stare with a smile she had to find the strength to bear. "That's right."
Precociously, the lass crossed her arms, "Where are you going? Why?"
What she had to tell her felt as difficult as akin to speaking while one swallowed rocks. "I know I break cloister and countless oaths, including to never leave the safe watch of the Church, but I... I..." The young girl gazed back, listening as the same as she ever was. Diame realized she was confessing it all out in a panic as if she were worried that Sindha, who was merely mocking her in jest with those folded arms, would have sent her home! Holy Mother, I see the light now. I held fear in my heart, and it disuaded me from seeing the obvious innocence of a child. I thought she would judge as well as sentance me for breaking sacred oaths! She calmly took a deep breath, and slowly she began. "At an urgent behest must I go to the northern kingdom, you know of Ijia, yes?"
"Aye, I do. Thats where my dada is. He's in the Grayguard, you know." She lightened up excitedly at the thought of her father. Sindha plucked one of the yellow petals from the daisy in her sun hat, and began to finger with it, lost in thought.
Diame gave her a smile of relief, "Aye, so, that is where I am going. And I need to be farther down the road before God moves the sun a hairbredth more." She paused thoughtfully, and continued on. "Sindha, I have an important, Eyes watch over me, of the highest importance, favor to burden up on asking of you." 
"What kind of favor?"
"Well, you see," The truth. She must know, if it truly befits fate. "You and I and God are the only ones in the world who know of the journey I am to partake on. I beg of you not to tell anyone that we spoke, or that you saw me outside of my home, or that you know anything of me traveling. Please, promise me you will keep it a secret from everyone else." The child looked at her for a long time, with those unwavering, innocent eyes. Diame wasn't sure what the child's intentions were, but the lass looked like she was thoughtfully planning her response. "Sindha, I trust you with my whole heart, but please just tell me that you do too. Will you promise?" Diame felt the humbleness of being at the mercy of a child's whim. 
After taking a long time to stare at the flower petal in her hands, Sindha smirked and turned back to Diame. "Alright. I promise you." She smiled even bigger, "Under one condition."
Diame blinked diffidently.
Sindha giggled as she pulled the daisy from her hat, and held it forward, motioning to put it in Diame's hand. "If you go to Ijia, and you happen to see my dada..." seemingly to correct herself at the seriousness of her request. "My father. Give this to my father for me. Would you please?"
Giving a sigh of relief, Diame shrugged her travel bag off to one side, "Of course I will." She opened the bag holding the folded map and took the flower, carefully placing it flatly in the folds on the map. "I'll try my best." As she said it, she wanted to do better than that for someone who will keep her secret journey just such. "I do put my Faith in God that while I do not know now how it will happen, I believe this flower will indeed reach the hands of your father." She closed the buckles on her bag up and reshouldered the straps. "And you promise? You can not tell anyone I am traveling. Not Mariden, nor your mother, nor Edjar. Not a soul."
"I promise." Sindha looked at her excitedly, as if memories of her father danced in her mind.
Standing upright, Diame smiled down at the girl. "I will return as soon as I can. Only then will I be able to explain all to you, God willing." She continued as she motioned down the road with her staff,  "Now I must be off. You are a very clever lass to recognize me where I did sneak past everyone else."
"Oh it was easy to spot you." The girl said confidently. "When you leant over the bridge, your hair spilled out a little from your hood." She motioned to her own hair, "No one else here has red hair except us. I saw you right away!" Sindha giggled proudly.
Closing her gaped mouth, Diame playfully poked the girl on her nose. "A very, very clever young lass indeed." 
The girl giggled again and skipped down the bridge towards the sloping road returning to the village. She turned back and yelled, "Safe journeys!" and Sindha disappeared into mist as she ran over the hill.
Standing there, Diame gathered her wits once again. Putting her walking staff forward, she crossed the second bridge of stone. This far out from the main village the farmland seemed less endless, blending into green fields and wild growing shrubery. She usually didn't walk this far out from the village gates, and saw some unfamiliar bends in the road as she traveled onward over misty hills. Around her in short, leafey stalks were patches tended to by villagers, dutifully digging up potatoes. They were more scattered about the open fields, and kept to their work. 
Up and over another particularly large hill, the third bridge seemed to blend in with the river through the thick clouds of mist hovering over the water. She couldn't help but increase her pace, nearly away from every familiar face. She had fond thoughts of Sindha, the precocious youth would surely keep the knowledge of her journey between them. I trust that girl, and she is one of my friends, as many in my flock are. But, as she is a child, could she handle the task of keeping such a secret? She reminded herself of the flower pressed within the map, and the promise she made as well. She sighed dutifully as she came up on the third bridge. 
"No matter the circumstances, it seems to be my fate to leave today, come what may. I just hope I will stray from making any more idle words, Ijia is of difinitive distance from where I am now..." The blankets of mist around her were layered so thickly she couldn't see where the bridge ended and the road would begin again, yet blue stone still continued on as she crossed. The loud echoes of the churning River Merae carried up the tree-thick pillars that held up the bridge, and yet all past the bridge railings remained unseen within the billowing fogbank. I could see my staff start to disappear if I pointed it out. All around her, the mist swirled eerily in small patches, coalescesing clouds into odd shapes. She swore she saw a flash of blue light, and she blinked several times taking a double look of what that was ahead. She saw nothing but clouds that bent into shapes that could be small animals, some wisps looked like plumes of wings carved by air. Others were small and white, like faces of rabbits. She kept on into the fog,  leaning heavily on her staff as she walked feeling a touch faint. I must be imagining things, or perhaps the aether here is strongly stirred by the powerful Tevan waters. 
The sound of her boots hitting soft soil let Diame know she had reached the other side. She went up yet another upward slope, a much steeper hill that dwarfed the others behind her. There will not be another bridge, perhaps not another hill either. Have I passed all of the farmlands? Am I beyond the boundries of Teva yet? She wondered with near excitement as she reached the summit of the misty hill what sights there were to behold. The fog had thinned around the higher ground, and it cooly hovered a foot off a wide, flat field of green grass. The morning blue sky was above, revealed after being shrouded for so long, Diame felt like she must have just walked through the clouds into the heavens. A lone juniper glistening with dewdrops stood next to a road sign, a wood-carved arrow pointed back and read 'Teva', the other sign pointing north to 'Ijian Lands'. As Diame passed through the plateau, the path seemed to sharply end as if it went off of a cliff's edge. 
There were no other hills around her she could see, no other farmlands or people on the road, just the veil of mist that descended down slopes leading back into the valley. The closer she got to the edge, she could see the path suddenly swooped low from the tall hill, descending thereafter, darting left and right down around hills that were each smaller than one after as the sloped earth descended, carrying a series of spread out rivers downhill with it. The parted clouds filled the wide open grassy fields full of bright morning sunlight, the long road below looked so small, so distant. The land encircled the mountainrange she stood on top of, everywhere she looked was boundless earth. Blocking the blue skies with cloudcapped peaks was another mountainrange that dwarfed the one she stood on, in the distance a sturdy wall of earth separated the lands. Diame knew she would pass through the forest nestled between the rockface, and Ijia would be right on the other side.
The High Priestess stood over the cliffside, in taking the sight of the wide open lands below, stretching on all around  her. The path carried down in wide zig-zags, carrying billows of rolling fog with it. When the path reached the base of the green mountain, she would be in wide open fields, bright with the sun's rays. Even though Diame had just begun her journey, taking the first few steps descending the downbent slope, she felt as though she was already ahead on her way. 


Standing leant up against the archway into town, Eljuk continued his chat with Mariden where he mostly listened. They mostly talked about the weather and when Diame would find more answers to her swevens. Then on feastday, Mariden proudly explained she was planning to make several kinds of pies for all the children, and most would be mudberry. Eljuk nodded and listened, and all the talk of food made him think if it was noon sup yet. Down the road a little ways, he spotted a girl in a hat, spry and skipping towards them. 
Mariden followed where the townguardsman was looking with her own gaze, and he face beamed. "Oh, a little one has returned from the fields. They grow up so fast once they begin to harvest with all the farmfolk." Her face beamed fondly, remembering how many of Teva's children she had helped raise and instilled with good Faith. She squint her pale blue eyes peering through the thinning mist, trying to make out the child's face, "Mine experienced eyes can't see who that would be, can you?"
"Sindha Elmrose." Eljuk stated. The falconer's brown eyes were as sharp as any bird he had raised. 
"A very bonnie lass she be, and even still for all the field work she has been put to. Her mum must be so proud. She always adorns freshly picked flowers from their garden on her." Mariden's smile widened as the lass continued her skip to the gates, slowing down to a stop as she was welcomed by the nun and acolyte. "Eyes watch over you, child. Done with picking berries this morn already?"
"Aye, Good Sister. Forty baskets, I did gather." Sindha's she held up her violet stained hands proudly as proof. "And now I can change dress and play stones with Edjar." She said as her eyes brightened .
"Oh to have only seen seven summers again, lass." Mariden mused.
"Eight!" The girl corrected her.
 "Eyes watch over me. Eight summers old," the nun knelt over and pinched the young ones rosey cheek. "Then may you enjoy the day, child." Only being so close Mariden had noticed Sindha's flower missing from her straw hat. "I swore I saw you with a daisy in your hair today. Where did it go off to, hmm?" She asked with playful curiosity.
"That is being carried to my father with..." Sindha said absently, then was replaced with the look of guilt.
"Hmnm?" The good nun leaned in closer, unsure if she had heard the answer or not. "Carried it to your father?" The confusion unsettled her. Did her father return from Ijia already? Was he here for a short amount of time and no one told her? She would have known something like that. "Forgive my old ears, child, what did you say?"
"Um..." Without thinking too much of it, Sindha resumed skipping down the pathway by the river. "The flower was carried off... by the wind!" And off she went.
Mariden frowned thoughtfully, then chuckled, amused by the childhood antics. "Ah, children. Speaking of, the little ones have probably finished with their naps by now." She turned and have a nod of the head to Eljuk, "I'll be off to the schoolroom. Take care, Brother Eljuk." Taking her time, she folded her hands beneath the big blue sleeves of her habit, and walked with her head up towards the acolyte's longhouse.
Straightening up his dark blue vest, the fastidious falconer stood guard unarmed by his post, his sword would not be necessary after the safety of dawn had come. Many would pass by soon, merchants to trade goods for the bounties of Teva, traveling pilgrims come to see the temple. Then in a few hours, everyone who was out in the fields would return for noon prayers and sup. 
Dutifully, he leant against the wooden archway, awaiting to meet the faces of passersby with his regular greeting. If any needed his assistance, he showed the kindness of the Faith and did all in his power to help. All seemed to be well, though, for none had asked for naught but a good morrow so far, and whatever divine adivce Lady Diame needed she had found it, and was communing to learn more. The only thing that truly bothered him was his birds kept returning without a reply letter, yet they were obviously handled by someone else. A message tube cannot be opened without it having to carefully remove it from the bird's talon. Then the wax can be safely cut off and the bone tube would open, their postmaster would keep that one and send a newly sealed letter, reaffixed back onto the same bird and sent back. However, all the capsules he recieved were his own returned to him, opened and emptied! He wondered what the cryptic meaning behind what the Church meant to convey. His Faith knew he would get a response, but he knew not if the next pigeon would also return home, once again empty taloned. He heaved a heavy pang of worry for Maji, hoping that the Church's post is not mishandling his birds. Perishing the thought, he relaxed his tanned shoulders as he patiently waited for the swathes of early light to begin taking away the chill of morning mist.


At a downhill pace descending the grassy mountainside's well worn path, Diame kept her pace steadily with walking staff in hand. She hadn't been out from the village this far out on her own in so long, it surprised her that after so many steps she felt not the least bit tired. She breathed in of the cool air around her, and passed in and out of the sunlight and shadow of the mountainside as she wove her way in between tall stalks of grass and small, rocky hills. Trees populated the road more the lower she went, fog blankets rolled over the needles of pine branches as she passed through lightbeams drifting in their shade. 
Coming out from the grove, Diame stood to take a sip from her water flask. Overlooking below from a bright cliffside, her path down the mountain would continue for sometime, then she saw the earthern path split into many as soon as it descended to sunny, wide open lands. Gauging by how much of the mountain was above her, she was about halfway down the trail, the cloud capped peaks of the taller mountain in the distance seemed to have grown farther. High in the faintest distance, she swore she saw something aflight, drifting in and out of clouds. Perhaps an eagle. She thought absently. 
Gathering her courage, the priestess closed up her pack and shifted the hood of her blue robe. Diame turned to the steep trail leading down beside her and marched onwards. Thoughts of what Ijia would be like all on her own crossed her mind, and then she reminded herself she was taking this journey for duty and Faith, not for a personal trip. She began thinking of what she would say to Bishop Malbourne as soon as she arrived at the Great Cathdral of Ijia. She would have to explain why she would be before him, out of cloister, unannounced and without guard. For important enough reasons of seeing violent swevens beyond comprehension, he should understand and lend ear. In special circumstances, High Priesthood could convey visions to higher religious counsel, she was confident the good bishop would understand this. Diame hoped that what she had seen will be told directly to the holy Pontiff herself, for she could assess divine meanings and mitigate a solution within the highest kept secrecy. She would have to be very careful not to identify herself on the road, not until she had made it safely to Ijia. Diame would travel as villager from far out in the country going on a religious journey. She began thinking of an alias for herself, something that would befit a young pilgrim.
She felt the invisible weight of a presence on her back, and she felt like someone was gazing down at her. The high priestess crooked her neck skyward and saw naught but the clouded, bright blue sky reach to lands beyond. Diame knew she had felt something, but anything out of the ordinary was unknown for this far from her home. She wondered about the aether that overflowed in her mind, if it was causing her to percieve things and make her feel light headed, yet she saw nothing and felt not the slightest bit dizzy. She shrugged and kept on the road, intent on making the journey to Ijia by tomorrow night without distraction. She accredited what she felt to the presence of God, and uttered a silent prayer asking for Her watchful eyes to give her the strength to see her path through. 
Down through the mist, Diame continued her march. Her blue eyes cast forward full of resolve for the descisions she had made. It would be better to bend some of the rules of the Church if it were necessary to protect it from an unforseen threat, she believed. She made the descision to sneak out not only as a High Priestess, but she took on this difficult task as a single person. She was traveling alone, unarmed for whatever danger that could lie ahead, and boldly breaking rules that have been in place for far longer than she has been alive. She had sworn oaths before all the other High Priesthood within Lux Grande, sworn to the Pontiff herself she understood it was the duty of her Faith to guard Teva, the Water Temple and its sacred lake and rivers. Now here she was, walking away from her duties of cloister, and only she knew the reason why. But she knew all this, and was well aware of consequences her actions could incur. For all the heavy weight of her thoughts, Diame did not stop the sound of her boots grinding the soft ground.


Perched high atop a tall tree, Maji took a fleeting moment to rest his wings. Overlooking the lands before him, he waited until the faintest wisp of the sweet scent of moonblossoms carried over the mountains. The pigeon-hawk's round dark eyes focused at a distance on a cloaked human walking alongside the mountainside trail. Though Diame was completely covered in the blue robe, Maji recognized her by her familiar scent and gait. The bird turned his head curiously, and then scanned the land ahead. There would be many places to land on the way, he decided, and the scent carrying him north was faint. With patience, he tightened his talons, gripping against the tree boughs shaking with blows of wind until they had calmed once more. The purple letter capsule dangled only a short distance from his claw, yet he was mindful of it and he knew he was to deliver it by training by his falconer. He ruffled the white with dark spots of his breast feathers and shivered his wings until mist droplets rolled off his brown, dark tipped pinions.
There was an updraft of warm wind, Maji could feel the strong gust and knew this would be a good breeze to catch. Then the smell wafted into his bright yellow beak, the unmistakeable sweetness of moonblossoms, albeit mixed in with a cornucopia of other fresh, unfamiliar scents. Spreading his wings, he felt the gust beneath lift him. He leapt up from the tree flapping his wings and immediately took flight, leaving the mountainside and soaring across the rolling green land beneath. Up ahead, bright green lands were open to him to glide across, following the faint scent of moonblossoms.










        II.2. The Din of Lions


        THE GENERAL OF THE PALADINS, clad in his white battle uniform, listened to the heated words exchange from the hot pokers for tongues of military men and advisors from the nobility. The topic of discussion this morning had remained unchanged every morning in the wake of a furious attack launched by the Empire of Pevali, directed on the castle itself. The kingdom's casualties consisted of citizens as well as knights, the most devestating was the loss of the leader of one of their armies, the Shadow Knights. Sitting in a circle, they congregated yet again within the domed royal conference hall of Ijia. The general in white sat calmly in a large seat of lacquered wood with a small cushion on it, as did the others, though most had leapt out of their seats shouting time to time. He had shoulder length hair the color of the sun, parted down the middle and down the sides of his face, tied in the back.
        Near the head of the gigantic, oval table of lacquered blue, he was seated to the right-hand of Ijia's Queen, sitting sternly on a purple cushion placed on a high backed seat made of intricately worked gold and silver, inlaid with glistening sapphires. At first glance one might mistake it for her regal throne, yet the way she sat upright, stiff-necked and with her displeased, folded arms, one would simply think twice. Her dark hair the color of the sea coiled around a diadem made of astralite silver, centered with three giant gemstones; a dark sapphire, a blood violet ruby and a color shifting alexandrite. Hair of blue flowed down her back and spilled over her shoulders of a mid-necked regal dress of darker hue. Her long locks were pulled back revealing the power in her regal seriousness worn on her youthful face of the fairest beauty. Queen Senna's sky colored eyes carefully met with each who spoke, and gave hard looks to those who shouted out of turn, but did little else to mitigate her people in the justified uproar.
        The General of the Paladins focused his golden green eyes out through the large glass and gold windows at the bright sunlight dancing atop the blue trees growing from below in the castle courtyard. Althought he took in the important words spoken all around him, the waited to truly give his full attention when the Queen spoke. He had been shouting in the outrage along with the others in the first few days since the attack, but now, after a week of using his strength to rebuild castle and city, help with healing of the wounded, much more to weigh out and decide orders to give, it was all he could do but sit and endure their shouts. He was well aware of what commands that needed to given to his Paladin soldiers, and it seemed there was nothing new to hear here but the ever renewing voices of rage, he wished the meeting concluded and all be satisfied so he could be out and on with his important tasks at present. 
        The Queen at her throne monitored the words her people spoken before her, the Paladin General by her side along with many other uniformed countrymen of distinguished rank and house, and all had to endure the voice of the other most important person in Ijia, a high officer of the Shadow Knights, the second in command. Since the enemy attack, it had been unknown if their missing general had been felled or captured, but it had not stopped the man next in command from voicing his opinions as vocally as if he now lead the Shadow Knights. He had not sat down once in any of the morning meetings and had been ruthlessly speaking of mustering Ijia's armies to vy for revenge. Nearly everyone who spoke of repairing the damage to Ijia, castle or town, were given harsh words by the Shadow Knight general clad in dark armor. Retalliation was the only action deigned worthy by him, and he made that all too well known by not letting a word go by without him having two more to rebuttle it. 
        A member of Shadow nobility outragedly spoke up, talking of how his home was completely destroyed, his family wounded and all he had was his name left. The sum of the choice words he angrily spat out at the Shadow Knight general ammounted to his belief that his mind set only for war was a disgrace to the kingdom as well as her queen, his strong disdain for the general and his disgrace to the Shadow and its nobility, and he would never lead Ijia's Shadow Knights as well as their missing leader, next in command or no. Though he very firmly kept his concerns over the shouts of the officer, his cadence neared a deafening battlecry.
        The unamused Paladin General noticed the same look of exasperated patience on his queen's face as well, yet for whatever reason, she decided still to withhold her words. He idly fingered one of the silvery whitesteel plates covering his shoulders through his white gloves. 
        Taking large notice of her General's shared frustration, the queen turned to him and leant over her golden armrest, speaking in a normal voice with words meant only for him. "Sir Xavier, rest assured I intend to shorten this morning's debacle to a few short words in a moment. It is important I hear Nobleman Onyxbeard finish the words of his losses, albeit if they are shouted. I do understand his pain." She gave General Xavier a knowing nod.
         Patiently he, too, would hold his words. The meeting couldn't possibly continue on too much longer than it already has by how chaotic it has turned. The daily tirade should be over soon, yet none too soon. With their leader gone, is Magnus just assuming his rightful place, fit to command the Shadow Knights? Yet he speaks against helping those in his same house! Is he trying to make it clear he has the audacity to take over command without Her Majesty's concent, merely because we are rightfully just at returning an attack? Or is he clamoring for war sheerly seeking revenge for wounded Shadow Knight pride? With General Tavian gone, he has shown nigh naught regard for the processes of the kingdom or how the Knights select their new leader. His rage makes him bark out orders and strategies before he even thinks! I may not have understood the actions of Tavian Drakon, nor why he was selected by them to be the Shadow Knight's leader, but the thought of Magnus as their general would be akin to watching a wild bull in uniform. As the words in the room escalated in ire, General Xavier began to think his patience a might tried. He nearly raised his voice to quiet everyone in the room himself, but it would serve no purpose to do so. Her Majesty will speak when the time comes and she is good and ready to say something that will cease his senseless spectacle. Looking out the window once more, beyond the castle walls, a platoon of Paladins marched by, carrying litters containing a fistful of injured civilians. Xavier's hands wrung in his gloves, infuriated. I do think I will excuse myself after all, there are far better things I could be doing now to the benefit of Ijia's people than listen to this any longer. He was about to stand, but then a bright flash of green streaked outside as a hummingbird darted by the courtyard.
"Nay, Onyxbeard! You blind fool!" Magnus snarled at the nobleman, whose eyes nearly popped out of his head and shifted his dark beard as he diffidently sat back down. "What is Ijia to you cowards?" He said in a howl, his harsh words resonated sharply in the echo of the chamber. "Why do you all not see we must muster our armies to strike back at the Pevali devils!" The general in dark battle armor shouted, smashing his fist hard against the mirror-like polish of the blue table, making his statement seem even louder. Some of the painted figurines of soldiers wobbled from their strategic locations above Ijian and Pevali continents on a large splayed out map of Caelutera. 
From within the conference room, all pairs of stares from the seated nobility and high ranking Ijian knights were all up on him; Gray Guard, Shadow Knight and Paladin alike. His outburst for sure garnered the attention of the queen, who sat opposite to him, arms folded and clearly vexed as if he overstepped himself, yet staring back with discerning authority intent on hearing all the words he had to say. 
With all focus on him, his frustration peaked to over the top levels as he twisted his thin lips on his pale, sweaty face to a glower. The Shadow Knight nearly roared as he spoke. "I say this to all of you who claim you care for Ijia's peace!" Magnus paused to meet with the eyes of the Queen and mostly of the Shadow Knights and nobility. "Your Majesty, distinguished members of the Ijian Armies, Shadow Knights and nobility that share mine own blood," he soothed his tone mildly while he addressed them, "What is it we are to do? Helplessly wait within castle walls for them to crumble in the empire's next attack? Before, it was a mere test of how we would defend ourselves, and mark my words, in the future if Peval wished us to perish with a single strike, they would at whim!" Magnus raised his fists and slammed them against the large conference table, his face turning red as he shouted, "Does the spilt blood of Ijian citizens and loss of brothers in arms not make us sound the call to war?! If not, then let us merely sit here and comfortably lick our wounds akin to, to, whimpering wounded dogs!" Some of the nobility of both sides mouthes dropped as knights of different ranks and uniform began to shout back, but it did not stop his fist at grinding against a stack of paperworks bearing important royal seals he cared not if he wrinkled. 
"What was but a small attack by sea for the Pevali Imperial Fleet nearly destroyed one of our castle's great walls!" Continuing, Magnus motioned to a place on the map showing a strategic layout of the castle, and lines crossed out one of four walls surrounding the main palace. "Tell me, do we know when their next skirmish will be? Nay!" He slammed his fist again, "Do we know if they plan to send another ten-thousand men? Or perhaps an assault of a hundred-thousand men? I say to you all, nay!" With his black gloved hands, Magnus grabbed up and wrinkled the paperwork, throwing them to the ground. "We wait in this hall, all talk of rebuilding what was lost, soothing the injured living, mourning for lost lives, whist we are ever afeared of the Peval threat! Citizens cow wearily in the streets, walking hunched over with their heads fearfully turned to the sky as if nooses loomed from the heavens o'er them! Have we not have sacrificed enough of our Ijian spirit? Why hold back our strength any longer? If the Shadow Knights launch a descicive strike here," He pointed to dark colored miniature soldiers on the world map, nearly the entire reserve of Ijia's Shadow Knights he would command, and motioned the figurines across the ocean to several strategically marked places alongside the continent in Pevali territory. 
"Your Highness, simply give the word, and I will lead an assualt that would stop the Pevali Legions' rats dead in their tracks." The Shadow Knight General walked back and forth, snarling lowly. He no longer shouted but now seemed to invest that all that shouting before had built virtue into the boldness of his plan. "Our own spies risked their lives to return with valuable secrets of the Peval Empire's military, knowledge that exposes their munitians and supply routes, military training camps, factories forging weapons for their masses. Do we turn a blind eye to the fact that Peval is now actively in the pursuit of war and conquest yet again by breaking the peace pact by this cowardly attack. Ijia's men were sent to die and some returned with their tongues cut out to retrieve this knowledge we wield, our hand can return a crushing blow, and yet, we choose to yield! I, for one, do not wish the see day the Kindgom of Ijia is but a memory and bloody Emperor Kilnero rolls our bloody heads out to display on bloody steaks!"
"Do you truly wish to see the Kingdom of Ijia flourish in peacetime, with stability secured for its future, Lord Magnus?" The Queen calmly spoke over the quiet following the end of the man's last shouts before the room's outraged ones could begin. More silence followed, layers billowed in its heavyness as eyes and heads swung from the queen in her jeweled seat back to focus on the general, frozen in his pace. 
Xavier had all eyes on the queen, taking in the deeper meaning of her words. Senna is suggesting not only that Magnus's plan would lead Ijia to ruin, but she also questions him on his intentions. Depending on how he responds, he will be either singing the cadance of humble apology or defend his foolish delusions. The Paladin General shifted in his seat as well, eyes carefully watching the queen as well as Magnus.
Senna was regel and serene as she had ever been, yet the judging gaze of her enigmatic eyes couldn't even describe the incredulous look the Shadow Knight's leader beared on his face. "I have heard you beat the drums of war, ne'er ceacing your retalitory words once." Magnus opened his mouth to speak and quickly closed it. Senna gave him a thoughtful pause to hold his silence merely by a gaze across the table. "For the sake of keeping our Kingdom Ijia's longevity strong, her knights are to defend her people. We maintain Caelutera's peace by not striking back at our enemies and we have nothing to gain by becoming warminded like them." She gave another thoughtful pause, her tone noticeably wistful. "Bloodshed begetting bloodshed is not the way to maintain any sort of peace or stability in this world. We do not know what the empire means to gain by their lust for violence, for God gives us life to live off the bounty of her land, not to kill one another for control over it. Imagine the countless casualties the townsfolk face on either side of the battlefield, even the families of common and nobility alike must bury their kin. It is they who find it the most impossible to maintain daily life without fear now. The sudden attack does indeed mean Peval intends to break the peace of Caelutera once more, but I stand firm in saying Ijia will hold to her ground. In doing such, we show that we stand for peace. We bolster our defenses and prepare to respond if they threaten us again, and I do believe they will, we can only wait prepared for when that time comes. Is that not so, Lord Lieutenant Magnus? What say you is the best way to keep the peace of Caelutera, countryman?" She kept her stare firmly up on him. 
Xavier along with the other listeners in the room eagerly awaitied Magnus's response. He wondered if the Shadow Knight officer would continue rallying everyone for war yet again, or come to his senses and agree with his all too merciful queen. He would have to say something now. 
Straightening out his back and coat, Magnus stood rigidly beside his seat, carefully thinking of a response that would satisfy the queen's line of questioning, yet he did not want to back down at all from his strong stance. "Your highness, I do not mean to let my passionate words have me appear as though I have forgotten my better judgment. Defending Ijia is of the highest importance, and after we were raided by Peval's surprise attack, we were ill prepared for such a thing. After they fired some sort of cannon at us by sea, our walls fell, they came ashore and we had to repel them from that newly made gap. Your excellency, I beg your pardon, but I fear that for all the vastness of her Three Armies, what Ijia has to defend for her defenses may simply not be enough. If they truly outnumber and out supply us, they can wear us down over time with several of these attacks. Where will we be when they have us cut off from our resources? Our strategic positions?" 
Her Highness certainly does appear to be genuinely weighing his words. Xavier noticed the Queen's stern eyes seem to sway in their harshness as she thoughtfully listened to Magnus explain that he believed the direst of possibilities is up on the kingdom, while we would never wish to accept it as true. Carefully listening to Magnus's choice of words and gauging the Queen's reaction, Xavier sat patiently, feeling a heaviness in the conference hall's air. Though the man has a reasonable arguement, we already know a second strike will happen as an inevitablity. The Paladins as well as the Shadow Knights are presently recovering Ijia's defenses to meet with the future threat of Pevali Legions, or any threat for that matter. Ijia can do nothing more for her people but rebuild her walls anew, grow our ranks and hone the powerful magicks Ijia houses. We actively protect ourselves in bolsering our resources, however, the empire has endless ships and if they wished to, send countless soldiers to their deaths merely to tire us out. Disconcerting, to be sure. The General of the Paladins leaned forward in his seat, listening carefully to each word spoken from the man clad in black.
"... After suffering innumerable casualties, along with the great loss of the Shadow Knight's leader, Lord General Tavian Drakon," Magnus took pause to close his eyes for a moment to mourn the loss of his commanding officer. "I can only voice my concerns, for Peval has already taken over all of the Kestmarch territorries, every kingdom on the continent has either resisted and fallen or is taxed into servitude. It is clear, their attacks are sighted on us next." He stated sounding calm in his dire words.
After a deep breath of haughty regalness, Senna gave him a slight nod as if to suggest his points were valid. She did not take her unyielding blue eyes off him as the queen continued her questions. "These concerns for them to overtake Ijia in the future have been discussed in the last few days, after the urgency to give commands to undo the damage done, we may have overlooked the seriousness of the Peval theat." Shifting her gaze once, her eyes flared with concern, then she returned to him, voice as hard as steel. "Sir Magnus, I would be dishonest if I said I did not share the same concerns as you. Ijia must not fall, I'm open to hearing if you have any other suggestions. We never know what strategies we could be forced to resort to in the end." She finished with a tone that sounded more grim than intended.
"My Queen, I fear that we have little time to prepare if Peval wishes to send another attack, and within a year they can cut us off from these vital strategic points, here, and here," he marked some points on the map nearby him, "And, Your Highness,"
Now Magnus has her feeding on rotten words right out of his hand. He does have many good reasons, and yes we were attacked, but we do not know the empire's true intentions. Do they wish to provoke war over the vastness of Caelutera's seas? Nay, that would be a more foolish waste of their resources than ours. Could I be mistaken if Magnus would want more than just retalliation? Xavier cast a pondering eye on Magnus as he went on.
"As you can see," Magnus motioned a dark gloved hand widey with his words, "against more sieges akin to the one we've already suffered, our defenses may not hold. We must at least rally arms and prepare for such an attack." 
The Queen calmly kept the serenity on her face, though her demeamer looked strained. She tapped her foot, pensively deciding the important words she would respond with.
"I have a question, Lieutenant Magnus," Xavier arose from his seat abruptly, and his dark green cloak furled as he made his way around to the other side of the giant oval table. Heads of the military and nobles turned, and Magnus looked especially displeased to see the Paladin general before him to rebuttle him, mid-arguement. "While indeed, we have our positions that may be overtaken even if we have been bolstering our forces, and true, Peval has more military power and if they chose to send their entire fleet at us, well... we might not survive that either way." There were low murmurs among the Grayguard and houses of noblemen, unsure faces from his own Paladin Knights, and scandalized looks from the Shadow Knights. Senna also shared a moment of surprise as she was about to speak, but she patiently would hear what this man had to say as well.
"So, you opt not to fight to defend ourselves, but rather we are to sit and wait for the begin of a slow slaughter, then?" Magnus snarled back, with approving nods and jeers from the those clad in dark.
"Nay," Xavier retorted in a steady tone, "I say that if we attack the empire back, even just enough to wound them, we justify our first spilt blood, and all further bloodshed from battles we engage with Peval." His defiant emerald eyes didn't flinch when met with the expected shouting response from most of the Shadow Knights. An uproar stirred in the room, shouts saying that Peval is injust for attacking in the first place, they deserved no mercy whatsoever in response.
Above all the sudden chaos, Senna was staring at the General of the Paladins, eyes intense at the room's once again a roaring furnace of scathing shouts, and yet somehow relieved at intaking a rational opinion from her leading officer. The Queen ever so slightly raised a questioning blue brow knowing he was up to something, and seemed to try hiding that she was more than pleased to see Xavier speak, especially so now that Magnus was not.
Raising a white gloved hand, Xavier waited patiently for their agitated shouts to boil down once again, then he spoke in a calm, commanding voice, with a cool air to his words. "Peace, friends. The answer is peace." There was abashed stillness in the room, though it was quickly followed by scoffs dismissing his words as nonsense. He continued his way around the large table, walking behind the tall backs of the chairs seated with the distinguished men and women of the council turning their heads to stay on him. "If we fight back, we then declare war. Ijia is one of the mightiest kingdoms in the world, if we go to war, we send a message that we do not strive for peace but for vengeance. That is not the reason why we repelled the Peval attack, it was to protect ourselves, to preserve our well being. It is enough we can defend ourselves, for war disrupts the entire balance of the world. Many if not all kingdoms and cities of Kestmarch built their castles and towns, cultivated their lands, and then the Peval grew to power to swoop in and demand control of all wealth and food around them. Foolishness and greed are the flint and tender that once sparked in a ruler's mind leads all life under him to ruin. In this world where God protects us from evil and gives endless natural bounties, a nation has no reason to slay another for their coin or land." As he passed behind the queen's jeweled seat, he shook his head wishing shouting would make the meaning of his words heard easier. As he returned by his own seat, he placed a hand on the armrest. "For whatever avarice that rots the mind of Emperor Kilnero, Ijia will never become like Peval, nor will vengeance seduce us to raise our blades to cry for war."
With a scoff, Magnus addressed Xavier from across the table with a tone that could have been mocking if it sounded anymore sarcastic. "Ever vying for optimistic peace, even in uncertain times. I would expect words expessing nothing less from the Paladin General, even as the Pevali Legions were knocking down our front gates."
"And as long as we meet them here, we will hold and defeat them, even if the empire entire were before Ijia. That is our duty, sworn to God, a promise going beyond that of the code of Paladin honor or binding Shadow Knight rites. To defend queen and country." Xavier gave a hard eye to everyone in the room indiscriminately, reminding nobles and military officers alike of their responsibilities. "Never to seek out enemy blood, but always ready to defend our own. Even in a surprise attack by a larger nation, our honorable laurels are how we claimed victory in the last battle. That is how we shall win the next one." 
"You speak highly of oaths and honor, yet is that the steel that is enough to defend us alone?" Overconfidence in his words twisted Magnus's face into a sneer as he said them, "Peval shows they have no regard for the lives of their own people, or anyone elses they set their sights on to conquer, nor do they regard any words of peace reverence from God. I am a proud Ijian, and honored to be bound to Shadow Knighthood oaths that I will honor 'til the last drop of Shadow House blood leaves my veins. However, what I will not stand for is to watch Ijia burn just for the sake of honoring God."
"Peace on Caelutera is God's law and is sacred, Her word exceeds the rules of war. Obviously, Peval chooses to break divine law higher than them as they continuously violate the world's peace. However, if we do the same, we are no better than they, instigators of war, and as Ijia is one of the great nations, we may very well send all corners of the world into a war where there would be no world worth rebuilding. Tell me what would there be left for the victor to claim?" Taking a deep breath for air, Magnus was about to respond with words laced with fire, but before he could speak, Xavier cut him off and continued without missing a beat. "I have lost friends and comrades to horrors of the underworld, as well as you have too. These are trying times, but need I remind you of the greater threats that our duty binds us to fight, Sir Magnus? Perhaps so, for as we recover now from the Peval attack, I am sure you mourn the loss of your leader, as well as voice that the Shadow Knights need someone new to lead them. But, certainly not to lead them and Ijia to war to follow down the same path of ruin Peval has chosen!" 
Still holding the breath he had taken, Magnus's pale face was a shade of enraged red and he seemed to be choking on the withheld words he was about to say. 
The room was a clamor of echoed voices, Xavier knew he would outrage the room, but he thought it very necessary to show that war was not the answer, for it would put Ijia at the same base level as Peval. To compare the two opposing countries together showed how much Ijia did not want to be like them, even if it was insensitive to the fact the kingdom had just suffered a loss of kin. That would straighten their thoughts out, they should be concerned with protecting what there still is to protect, not wasting effort to destroy a threat to prevent further destruction. He knew when a country gained acceptance of warlike values, that would only lead only to its downfall, Xavier strongly believed. The furious shouts in the room were not all directed at him, however, as some had started to agree with him and shout back to defend his words, that made no effort to quell the chaotic conference hall.
Shaking her head letting the locks of her silken blue hair sway side to side, Senna seemed displeased as the lavishly decorated room was full of angry shouts louder than ever. She knew that men sometimes had to yell at one another in order to reach an agreement, but she felt like they had agreed with one another quite enough for the day. She held an opened hand out, and her sky colored eyes momentary lit up as bright as the sun. In a boom like the crack of a whip, a thin bolt of lightning streaked across the room over everyones heads, crooked lines of incandescent white from above stretched the distance of the blue oval table, reflecting off it. It disappeared in an instant, and a small hail of blue and white sparks bounced on the giant table's surface a few times before winking out of existance as well, yet the sound reverbrating in the room dwarfed all others. 
Black lines remained in Xavier's vision as the sound echoed, and all eyes were on the queen. You jest, Senna! Even he gulped at her, after feeling not even the slightest trill in the aether that would have warned she was about to conduct such a spell. Did she truly think that necessary? 
The three crown jewels' glow faded as breaking threads of electricity moved up its silvery points, and Senna sat in her jeweled chair hard as ice. She met everyone in the room with a cold eye, and coolly sat in her jeweled seat, high necked and regal in the deafening wake of her thunder. After a few moments of silence, the Queen spoke only after she made it sure everyone recieved that stare of hers she knew could chill a man to his bones. With the crowd already reminded of her responsibility with the power she wields, she then softened her eyes and spoke gently as she addressed her people. "A branch of lightning. That is the brevity of life. Yet, to each one, an individual person, attached with different statures of nobility, power, wealth, amounts of dreams or desires, good hearted or wicked, each life has been crafted to exist by God. She is the creator of sacred life so we may live peacefully and thrive. The one enemy of life on Caelutera, the only threat that our peace has, are daemons of the underworld." She looked especially stern on that statement, she did not want any previous talk of war between kingdoms of man to confuse what Ijia has always stood for. Preserving peace, and protecting from creatures that desire to disturb it. "Judging whether or not lives outside of Ijia have meaning, especially after we have lost many of our precious own, infuriates me." She cast her eyes down to stare down at the conference table before her, not meeting with any one else's gaze. "That descision is for God to make alone. To continue to sit here, as we have done before, to deliberate on what to do, and what has it done but make us more warminded ourselves. That does not lead Ijia down the road to victory." Her oceans for eyes stared off, her mirth exhausted, and let her words sink in. Senna ignored the hushed murmurs of those at the table, and paid no mind when a Paladin guardsman and maids had poked their heads in through a door to see what the commotion had been, and quickly retracted them. 
A good show followed by an exceptional speech, and the Queen has turned the tables on whatever warlike ideas Magnus wished to plant inside the council's heads. Xavier reflected thoughtfully on the queen's speech. We follow the same path to attain peace, and that road is not lined with the heads of our enemies. The General of the Paladins crossed his arms, wrapped in thought.
"With that said, we have much to do more than ever to repair damages done. However," Senna eyed everyone again, this time her cast gaze was soft and empathetic. "there will be no more talks of war, or retalliation. Not until the people have gone back to their daily lives. We will still pursue Lux Grande to hear us out and perhaps act as a mediator between us and Peval to better understand the empire on the other side of the sea. We stand to unite Caelutera in peace, not bloodshed." and with that, the queen arose from her seat, and everyone else at the table stood as soon as they could be on their feet. "Tomorrow morning, we will speak of better things. Let us not forget our duties in the meantime." She made her way to the gold plated door held open by Gray Guardsmen, leading back into the castle proper.
General Xavier exited by her side, and they left the Coneference Hall making their way out a short corridor, then out a large set of golden doors to the castle's garden as the other military men and nobles poured out behind them.

















        II.3. By Hoof, Wheel and Wing


        THE ROYAL GARDEN was bright with sunlight, broken through the thick thatch of moonblossom trees branching out of gray tree trunks. Each black and white marble tile glistened in the garden, as well as paved most of the castle. A fountain centered a pond beneath a canopy of blue leaves, and four big pale marble archways surrounded it on all sides leading to sets of large doors. 
        A set of goldworked wooden doors were opened by a pair of guardsman, one Paladin and Shadow Knight each. Out came Queen Senna, her blue skirts gliding as she made her way out. The leader of the Paladins kept by her side, General Xavier being her personal bodyguard when within castle walls.
        Heading to the fountain and passing by the garden of blue leaves, Senna kept a slow pace, giving Xavier a sidelong look that she was relieved to have a moment to speak with him away from others' ears. "For all the effort Magnus took the to make that scene, he does strongly speak for addressing the most important issue, the immediate threat to our kingdom. Though, I do not have to like his candor." She dryly turned to her General, awaiting response.
        You caused quite a scene yourself, Your Highness! Xavier kept a hardened face containing witty words that would be unwise to actually say. "I know not if the man's eagerness to take command of the Shadow Knights arises from genuine desire to defend Ijia, though what he would do with the power would be reckless. Although he spoke some words of clarity, his motives are not clear. Yet, he does raise a point, what are we to do about the threat to our kingdom? Peval wishes to attack us and if we responded, it would send the world into turmoil. For disrupting Caelutera's everlasting peace, what perturbing purpose would conquering Ijia profit the Empire of Peval?" Down the corridor behind them, the clamor of the  military members and nobility poured out of the counsel chamber, just turning past the corner down the decorated hallway. I'll have to be brief with my words with Her Highness, for we must part ways soon. "I'll be quick to another point that does not settle well. While we scoured the battleground debris, nary a man has reported of hide nor hair from the missing General Drakon. His claymore blade was found lying among the wounded and felled, yet no other trace of him can be found. This leaves us at a severe disatvantage, half of Ijia's magickal knights are without command and I do not like the thought of Lord Magnus taking control of the Shadow Knights, yet we must take some action should Peval strike once more. What bothers me is that he acts as though he has given up on finding his commanding officer, and even now, his hunger to command the Shadow may come from unterior motives." Xavier frowned thoughtfully as they stopped on the marble tiles nearby the waterfront beside the tall, babbling fountain centering the garden pond. It was a series of silver-worked bowls that water poured down from the top into another, one by one, then they overspilled into a giant bowl. 
        "I concur with your concerns, and I will be pondering these heavily to speak to you in greater depth in private about these matters, but for now," Senna gave him a curt nod, the clamor of nobles' murmurs growing obviously closer, and would be exiting the castle through the garden in moments. "I know there is much to be done, even with so much more to discuss. As we prepare for what is to come, may Eyes watch over us." Senna gave her confidant a smile, and a brightness reached her face. "In the meantime, let us live and act well. Good day, General." 
        Xavier fell to one knee, hand over his chest as Queen Senna turned away to the pair of large black and white doors a pair of guards began to open for her leading into the central chambers of the castle. She began ascending a short staircase to a blue carpet. Inside, a female Paladin clad in white armor awaited to stride beside the Queen and followed her.
        Xavier always knew all under his command were loyal and punctual. The Queen's other bodyguard had taken over, and the general went to the opposing gates, high headed, and intaking the garden swathed in a blue glow of the sunlight filling the trees' leaves above. A Paladin and Shadow Knight guardsman opened the large double doors before him. Brightness of day beamed into the shaded garden as the gates opened to the outer courtyard. 
        The guards brought their open right hands to their hearts, and then made a fist, the salute of Ijia. Xavier returned the salute as he passed by, and he began descending a grand marble staircase, and there he could see most of Ijia's oceanside city just above one of the outer castlewalls before him. He lost view of the ocean and square-roofed buildings as he went down the white marble staircase down into a wide courtyard lined with blue moonblossom trees and ivy vines growing up the gray stone outerwalls that shaded the lower courtyard. After he passed a distance down, to his left, the eastern wall that had a gigantic gaping hole of it and through that he could still catch a glimpse of the ocean. Almost if not all of the rubble had been cleared after nearly a week of digging and moving rock, and it seemed that now repairs had only now just began to pick up momentum as people clad in common clothes as well as adept masons in work uniform among the military's ranks working together. 
        The general remembered the night when the attack occured, he stood on these very steps a week ago, just like he did now. He had taken a walk late on a foggy night, which was unusual, but he felt as though something was off within the courtyard walls. He knew it as soon as he heard an odd sounding explosion, and then the hovering clouds of mist ignighted in a burst of orange fire. The eastern wall fell down, and gray cement boulders hurled at the inner castle walls, crushing an inner garrison post. The castle's security were completely scattered and utterly caught by surprise, Xavier rushed unarmed and ran in his nightclothes to the clouds of smoke rising from scene to help put out the fires, rescue those trapped or injured from the rubble, and give commands to raise the alarm and rally a defense. He could barely see the faint glow of torches in the foggy water through the newly made gap in the wall, he knew an assualt was to come, and he hurried to make his way back to his quarters in the Paladin tower, retrieving his weapons and donning his battle armor.
        Sure enough, knights clad in heavy battle armor bearing the banner of the Pevali symbol of a blazing sun's red halo were overrunning the city. Ships had used the fog to sneak straight into the harbor and fired some sort of devestating cannon with intent to break through with their Legion soldiers and take the castle. He rallied his Paladins to guard Ijia's castle while the Shadow Knights would meet them at the kingdom's shore, and to reinforce the Gray Guard protecting the city. The Shadow Knight general, Tavian Drakon had been rallied to stand the front lines in the city with his company of elite knights. They held them back as best he could, but it seemed that the Legion knights had little interest in pillaging the city, and rushed them, weaving straight through neighborhoods and marketplaces to make it to the castle. A very bold attempt, and most were held back by Ijian knights, but Peval fought with a bloody determination, and eventually broke through, daring to charge the castle. 
        The outer gates were held strong by the Paladins, and they drove them back, not letting one pass the castle walls. What was perplexing was the fact that they had sent their attack with a low score of men, that although they charged valiantly, seemed that they were destined to fail in their mission. If they truly wanted to overtake the castle, the mighty empire had the means to send a more bolstered attack to do so. Nonetheless, even though Ijia defended themselves and won the battle, their front lines' casualties were numerous, and Ijia suffered the loss of General Tavian, not to be found among the wounded or fallen after the chaos had subsided. 
        After descending the final step of the grand staircase, he was on top of checkered black and white tiles continueing his path. Before him was a gigantic archway in the castle outer wall containing the grand gate consisting of one grated metal gate kept raised during the day, and the other were two giant closed half arches, one metallic black and the other silvery white, centered with a gray bird with outsretched wings and talons. 
        Just within the castle's main gates, a small company of high ranked enlisted Paladin knights stood in formation with an officer addressing them, all enlisted had stripes of rank as small silver stripes on their white steel armor. They were clad in armor like his own, but he had a metallic chestplate bearing a gold etched bird across it, with more metal plates on the shoulders, arms and legs. The Paladin knights had the addition of a white cloth tabard on the front of their armor, bearing a white and black shield with a light blue bird on it, one of the varying symbols for Paladin divisions. Each had a shortsword armed at their side, and a circular buckler shield of whitesteel worked with metal, bearing a simular seal their armor beared on it.
        Lieutenant General Rendien Almasey had several gold bars of rank on his shoulders, and was second in command of the Paladins only to Xavier. He fully turned as soon as he saw his superior, and called for the arrangement of white-clad knights to salute as he did. Xavier returned the gesture, placing his open fingers lined up with the golden feathers etched on his chest armor, then made the first over his heart. He had short brown hair with a touch of gray, dark eyes, and a few more years of age on his face, and was clad in his officer battle armor with a silver worked chest plate, metal discs on the limbs, and an officer's cape like Xavier's own, although Almasey's was a light blue. "My Lord General, I have arranged your company which is ready to mount and ride to Fort Forestglenn boardering the southern woodlands. As you know, we believe a few bandit gangs have decided that in the wake of this surprise attack on Ijia, that our guard is down. Citizens in the countyside have reported numerous robberies on the roads, and even a kidnapping, which our outposted guards thwarted."
        "Aye, Lieutenant. This sort of continued activity is unheard of in peacetime, and people turn to uncertain means for survival in when they feel like they are in danger. We shall quell this chaos and bring order to our lands at once, and show our people that Ijia never lets her guard down." Xavier gave his second in command a salute, which he returned.
        Rendien put his hand back to his sides, spun an about face, and then he commanded, "Open the gates!" in a shout.
        As soon as the order was given, a row of armored Gray Guardsman up on the stone walls above pulled at ropes, and wheels turned and the metal sound of cogs grinding smoothly whirred as the gigantic double gates opened. 
        The sunlight poured in as the white and black arched doorways opened inwards, their metallic sheen glistening as they opened, and darkened once inside the inner wall's shadow. Outside, the checkered pathway spread out, and down a stretched slope was a road leading down to the business buildings and homes lined next to the open sea's shimmering blue hue.
        Approaching the Paladins under his command as the castle gates opened, Xavier inspected them, and they were indeed all armed, and each man's face showed a hidden fire, strength that was ready to go into action as soon as given the word. They were prepared. The General's most trusted knights, high in rank with outstanding performances and have been in Ijia's miliary service for many years. They are his chosen knights, the Sky Saints, standing at attention in two rows, perfectly still from years of discipline and training, wearing over their armor the blue bird over the symbol of Ijia, while Xavier wore the golden bird of the same motif. "Paladins of Ijia, what is our code of honor?" He spoke loud enough to be heard over the sound of the gate opening. 
        "Our code of honor is to defend the Queen of Ijia and all people within our lands, sir!" The twenty-score men and women responded in unison with a fearsome cadence. 
        "At ease." Xavier spoke, and his knights did so, standing not so ridgidly with their hands at rest behind their backs. "Brave Paladins of Ijia, we go now to Fort Forestglenn to the south. We shall put a stop to the thieves who may now be terrorizing those living in our lands. In a time of uncertainty following the battle that has shaken our people, it is imperative we do not let our own suffer any more than they already have to." The gates nearly completely opened, and the Paladin leader turned to the town and roads on the otherside, "Then, let us move out!" 
        As Xavier walked out the gates, all in his company followed in two columns, Rendien striding by his side, both officer's capes furling in the wind. Walking into the giant beam of sunlight from the two open gates, the brightness of day reflected off Xavier's shimmering armor and warmed him. He passed underneath the arch way overhead, between the stone walls. 
        Just outside the castle walls, the checkered path tiles became larger squares, and branched off to the left and right. He turned to the right, and his company following him did as well when they reached where he was. A large wooden stables with a slanted roof was against the walls outside, and twenty two horses, most of them gray mustangs, were arranged in a row facing the city, each one saddled and had a cloth draping on either side with the same symbol of the Sky Saints, a leathern bundle with food and supplies, and with a handler by each animal's side holding the reins. 
        Xavier went to one the two saddled shires at the start of the line. His stallion, Thundercloud, was white with a long  mane and wooly hair grown over his hooves while Rendien's large warhorse was much the same, but a hand shorter and with a black mane. Rendien's large warhorse too was saddled, and had a cloth banner with the blue bird symbol draped down the big horse's sides, with short silver tassles to mark him as second in command and golden tassles on Xavier's horse to mark him as the general. 
        "Lord General Xavier Alexander?" The tall lad addressed him a bow, holding his light shaggy hair in his dark cap as he did so. He was dressed in castle stableman livery, a white tunic tied with a black belt and blue pants standing at his horse's side held the reigns tightly. "I have your horse at the ready, mi'lord." He handed the reins forward.
        "Thanks to you, lad." Xavier took the reins and put a shining metal boot in the stirrup, then climbed high up on top the gigantic animal. At his side, his knights began mounting their steeds as well. He turned his horse, facing down the checkered road leading away from the castle and town. That way lead out down the south coastline and surrounding countryside, then the terrain met with mountains and trees. There, he would take his troops to the fortress boardering the forest there. Xavier gave Thundercloud a light heel to the sides, and the shire moved a large distance with just a few clops of his giant hooves. He took a tug at the reins to face his Paladins each mounting their steeds, he gave a nod to Rendien already in his saddle.
        Once every armored knight sat upright at their reins, the general addressed his Paladins. "Heed well, for I intend this mission resolved quickly to show the strength of Ijia. We will swiftly bring a harsh gavel down up on criminals and any who oppose the already fragile peace will be brought to justice." He stopped the horse after he passed the other mounted mustangs in a line, "We are Fort Forestglenn's sent for reinforcements, and for the honor of Ijia, we leave at once to scour the lands to protect our people. Let us ride without delay!" Xavier pulled at the reins and turned, and then with a heel, the horse was in a trot down the marble road. Behind him he heard the following clops of hooves on marble, and the loud stomps of the other shire Rendien rode. Xavier turned back and saw his knights formed in two columns, each riding straight backed as they followed him, with the two in the rear wavering Ijian colored flags from poles protruding from their backs. 
        Ahead, the checkered marble pathway ended between a black and white marble pillar, and a dirt road began, outside of the castle perimeter. Xavier passed through, along with Rendien and the company of twenty Paladins in tow. 
        As soon as Xavier's horse was on the soft dirt of the country road, he gave a starting kick to Thundercloud, and the horse went to a fast paced gallop. Putting some distance between him and his knights, they had space to bring their steeds up to speed. The path lead down to combine to a wider earthern road meant for common passage, winding through the grassy plains. The path would combine with another ahead, separated by flagpoles hanging the blue bird on checkered print. 
        On the road in the distance, horses with carriages for nobles with liverlied coach up front were in a line as well as the carts for common as well as exoticly clad merchants in tow. They kept to one side of the road and people of a multitude of houses and levels of nobility scattered down the road, clad in all kinds of clothing walking beside the carts and carriages. This was the bustling traffic of Ijia, most were headed to the kingdom, but many were traveling south as well, and all traveled on one side of the joined roads. The other road separated by flags was completely empty, and it would not stay that way for long. 
        The General lead the Sky Saints' cavelry from the road leading out from the castle. Riding high atop Thundercloud, Xavier sped down the clear dirt road before him, flags of Ijia marked the road once every ten gallops. The road was nearby a cliff overlooking the low road with peoples coming out from Ijia's waterside town below. Xavier's steed followed the curved path, and the cold, fresh air blown in from sea furled his green cape. The open ocean was clear of cloud and fog, blue and sunny with a few of the Ijian navy's patrol ships in the water, each full sail bore the emblem of a black and white shield with a blue bird with spread out wings, its talons holding a smaller white shield and black sword. There were hundreds of those ships dispatched immediately to deal with the Pevali ships sent by sea, but the true strike dealt was from within the castle walls.
        When the Pevali Legions' warships emerged from hiding beneath their cover of fog, they had immediately fired some sort of devestating weapon. A cannon than launched a bomb, exploding in hurls of flame, taking out nearly an entire outer wall of the castle. 
        Before Peval could strike again, Queen Senna had hurried to the top of the tallest height of Ijia castle, the rooftop antechamber of the royal Astral Tower where the crystal throne is housed. The three-gemmed royal crown of Ijia could then be used to its full potential like it was that night, needed in the most direst of circumstances.
        As Xavier descended the sloping path, he curved around the town, seeing a clear view of the docks down below him. On the white bricked streets along the sea, he was in command of the Sky Saints along with scores of other platoons lead by Rendien and other officers. Together, they defended the the town off the heavily armored Pevali Legion soliders and prevented as many as they could from landing ashore. The Paladins faught hard, even after driving most of their enemy back to the water, more and more enemy ships docked. Scores of knights in their bulky, spiked battle armor pouring off of gangplanks one after another with more and more ships emerging from their shroud of night's fog. They all seemed more intent on storming the castle and fighting with the Paladins or raiding the town, with little wonder now that a castle wall had fallen, with them charging the new gap in Ijia's defense. Their ships fired cannons at the Paladin forces, and hailed them with arrows caught aflame, but with quick warnigs and swift commands, many of the Ijian knights maneuvered strategically with raised shields to survive. However, the bigger threat was the hidden ship housing the devestating cannon was out of sight, hidden in the fog, no doubt awaiting a second strike. Such a thing never happened, prevented thanks to the ultimate power contained within Ijia.
        The gray Astral Tower in the distance protruded out of the main cubic structure of the castle, near the mountains behind the kingdom. The four great walls surrounded it, with two towers of black and white built into the wall's front corners. Fron the top of the central gray tower that night, beams of light were concentrated and fired at the sea, felling several ships at a time. 
        When another Pevali ship bearing sails of a white sun encircled in a blazing ring of red fire docked before Xavier and the Sky Saints, the Paladins were prepared to met them in heat of the battle. The General had no intention of letting the gold and red armored Pevali soldiers off their ship, as he charged to meet the ship lowering their gangplank with Pevali knights about to pour out, that is whem the first strike of lightning occurred. 
        Xavier recalled shouting commands amid the din of metal against metal and the constant roar of battle cries, ordering to maneuver away from a volly of arrows. As they moved with their shields raised, he realized it was the arrows were coming from an enemy ship, one trying to dock nearby and mar the Sky Saints from stopping the arriving new ship carrying scores of ruthless Pevali Legion beasts clad in their gold and red armor. As Xavier and his knights charged the arriving ship, their crew hurrying to lower the gangplank and archers aiming another volly of flame arrows off the bow, but in a flash of light and an explosive boom of thunder, the ship burst to pieces from a strike of white fire from above. Xavier and his troops covered their eyes from the blinding strike of lightning before him, and were nearly hurled back from the force of Ijia's ultmate weapon. When he opened his eyes, what was left of the ashen ship sank with the soldiers, all perished, and continued with another bolt of lighting a few moments later on a ship next down the dock, and then another out at sea. And another of the countless enemy ships, one by one continually. 
        Amid the fogbank near the mountainous coast, large smoldering shapes were seen floating eerily out at sea, glowing embers within the hanging cloud. It didn't take long to figure out that was where they had fired the devestating weapon from, and time would betray them if they did not do away with it before it struck again. Senna had been helped by a team of military strategists and mages familiar with the crystal throne and the power of the crown, and they helped her target the warship with the siege cannon. 
        A hearthflame of light ignighted in a burst of incandescence from the castletop, and all the surrounding landscape flickered as if night were suddenly day. The twin mountains behind the castle brightened as if lit by the sun when Senna launched the lightning from Astral Tower, the individual torchfires around the town and dotting the ships paled in the light of the concentrated spell, and it aimed seemingly at nothing within a large cloud of fog hovering over sea. Then, a burst of flying molten metal tore open the concealing mist, a large steel warship was burning and twisted, including a destroyed cannon that was unbelievably nearly the size of the ship, and it too was a mass of unrecognizable metal scraps, unseen after the whole melting enemy ship sank.
        His horse kept focus on the sloped road as it became level with the flatlands, leading to run parrallel to the common road. Xavier looked out at sea, the fierce battle of that night replaying in his head over and over. The kingdom's most ancient weapon was forced to be used, and ships were felled from the Astral lightning as well as from the responses of the Ijian naval fleet. Pevali ships kept emerging from the fog for only a short time in the wake of Astral Tower's lightning, then ceased, either retreating or sent every wave until the skirmish expired at the death of all their men. The battle ended with th harbor full of numerous sinking ships, and reports of casualties outside the castle were the worst, yet the battle was over, with Ijia as victorious. While Xavier rode Thundercloud, the memories of that night forced their way into the generals head, wary of the new threat to the peace and the new fear his people would now bear.
        Riding high atop Thundercloud, Xavier was aware of the people taking pause to admire the kingdom's chivilrous knights. The flagpoles lining the two wide paths were the only separation from the two roads, one for official use that was empty sans for him and the Sky Saints, and the other for common use. Nearly all of the coming and going peoples to his left stopped in their tracks to watch in awe and admiration of the finest knights of one of Ijia's armies pass by, the illustrious Paladins. 
        He could hear some faint gasps of the people's amazement, children walking along with their parents pointed to the other road now full of Ijia's heroic knights. There were a few short cheers he could make out, "God protect the Queen!" and "Eyes watch over Ijia!" though Xavier listened, he kept his focus forward. There was the louder sound of nearly a hundred hooves following him, pummeling the loamy earth beneath them in a continuous, churning rumble.
         After passing many people coming and going down the road, Xavier and his company of knights made their way out into the countryside with the surrounding wide open sea in the distance. Many small yet wealthy towns stood along the coastline, keeping the same squarish shape to their buildings like in Ijia's castle town. Mainly they were where nobles lived in luxury filling lavish homes, and these stretched all the way south to the distant provinces where and dukes and barons lived. 
        The Paladin knights would ride like this south to where the grassy lands met mountain and forest, a division in their territories to the south. That is where Fort Forestglenn would be, and at the pace Xavier had set, they would arrive well before nightfall even if they took the time to rest. He had made this short distance many times on Thundercloud, and the white shire was even able to travel faster than this, but he would not wish to over work his company's mustangs trying to keep up.
        On into the morning light they rode on, the rocky points of mountains stabbing the sky in the south marking the destination of General Xavier and his knights.


        Placing the last of her handful of tart mudberries to her lips, Diame sat beneath the shade of a maple tree taking a short repose from her journey. She had traveled down from the Tevan mountains which took the better portion of the morning, and in the wide open countryside surrounded by distant mountains, but the one she had just descended was not too distant behind her. Nonetheless, she was convinced she would need to save her strength in order to walk the full distance to Ijia. She had her cloak down and her satchel by her side, recooperating from the miles she just walked, though thankfully it was mostly downhill. Even more so, she decided her lunch had not completely filled her stomach, and searched her satchel for a fresh potato from a Tevan farm.
        "I suppose just a little more of a meal for early noon sup wouldn't hurt. I must keep my strength up, after all." The High Priestess decided as she gingerly took out the red, fist-sized vegetable pocked with earthy looking eyes. 
        Though she sat in the shade, the spring day was as bright as a summer's, though it just may have been Diame had just traveled out of the fogbanks of the Valley of Mist. Sun beams around her were bright enough to sense powerful light aether in them, and with one hand held out the raw vegetable, and with her other fair hand, placed it out of the shade. 
        I do not think I am getting carried away with my magick, I would cook fried taters with seasonings in a stove usually, but on the road, a lone woman has to be resourceful. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the warmth of the sunlight on the palm of her hand, how it ran up to the tips of her fingers. Envisioning the sun in her mind, she cleared all other thought and meditated on a bright white ball of light lit against an aura of sky blue. Diame felt her hand grow warmer, capturing the aether of the sun. She could feel her mind lifting, the sun painted against the sky was all she could grasp with her thought, and the heat in her hand rose. She flinched her hand and released from her palm a small ball of light, a tiny miniature sun encased in a transluscent, glassy sphere. It wasn't blindingly bright to contain its energy, outside it was a rather dull shell that held a bright, glowing glint. There, that was an simple enough task. Now for the tricky part... Taking the orb of light in one hand and the potato in the other, the priestess put them close by. 
        Diame tried to sense the aether within the soon to be meal, envisioning the red thing she held in her hand the same way inside of her mind. To her surprise, she could feel a vibrant life force within the potato. Tevan produced pefectly tended to year round, it shouldn't be a wonder I can sense so much energy in it. She felt a bit woozy, and decided she'd be better off finishing the spell than marveling over food, especially just the imagined image of it.
        As she concentrated, she carefully let go the orb of light, and it rolled off her fingertips, hot to the touch like a giant egg just out of boiling water. The candescence of the light entered the red potato, making it glow from the inside out, and then Diame opened her eyes. 
        A bright flash of light emerged from Diame's combined hands, and the potato was prepared fully cooked in an instant. She then let out an "Ouch!" and dropped it in her lap, only able to hold the oven-hot meal for only a moment. She picked it up with the sleeves of her blue robe, and let out a sigh of relief. "There," she blew on the hot food, "That will be cooled in a minute. Then I must quickly be off, even though I am already ahead on my way." 
        She straightened upright against the maple trunk at her back, and looked up the road ahead. The path stretched straight onwards north, disappearing somewhere in the flat lands' tall grass in an undeterminable distance. The lands were so unfamiliar to Diame, she had rarely traveled outside of the village, and when she had, what she could do was kept under such strict supervision she had not the time take in any of the scenery or what people lived there, but she knew that this journey was not for that purpose. She had left her cloister to take this journey. The several visions she had, some cryptic and hazy in her sleep, the most important vision from the temple being quite literal, and she was bound by oaths not to convey what she has seen to anyone. Although, she had already left home to tell these things to the bishop, eventually breaking two oaths. She shrugged the guilt of that thought. "Nay, I am doing this because I must. In fact, I think I can finish my meal and be on my way at once." 
        Taking the first bite of the hot potato, it was nearly too heated to consume, yet it was steamy, fluffy and deliciously starchy. She had hoped for a pinch of salt, but that was a luxury whilst on the road. I wonder what it is like in Ijia, on my own though. Perhaps I will ask for leave to visit there more often once I have completed these what I have set out to accomplish. She mused to herself as she took another bite, wishing that the journey back home would be swifter than the journey to the kingdom.
        A soft clamor of hooves and squeaks of rotating wheel spokes moved north the road, coming from the the path she had just been on. Shifting her gaze from the hot potato in her hands to back down the road, there was mule drawn wooden cart full of rough hewn sacks and wooden boxes. A stocky man of middle age in a yellow shirt sat at on a bench at the lead of the cart, reins in hand and head below the brim of his straw hat. A long wooden stick akin to a fishing rod stuck out from the front of the cart, a red apple strung through the middle with rope hung from the end of the pole, a few hands away from the gray mule's big, dopey dark eyes. Uncaring of the road before him, the mule was simply fixated on the fruit, carrying the man and cargo in tow.
        I say, if he is headed north to Ijia... The man would pass by her by in a matter of seconds, and now would be her only chance to ask someone for a ride along. What luck! Surely that good man would be kind enough to atleast let me travel along with him part of the way. Who wouldn't want the company of quiet young maiden on a long road? She quickly got to her feet, holding the hot potato in her teeth as she shrugged on her sack and grabbed her staff. Taking the meal back in hand with no time to feel its heat, she made her way from the shade of the maple back to the sunny road. "Eyes watch over me, these fortunes fair could be a sign in disguise. God has sent me a way to do her bidding with an even more urgent haste. Truly, good omens that my actions are needed to be carried out." She stood at the roadside where the cart would be in mere moments. She waved to him with the be-potatoed hand, "Good morrow, sir! If you are headed North, would you mind helping a fellow traveler take some steps off her journey?"
        The man quietly pulled at the reins and the mule whinnied, the cart creaked as it lurched to a complete halt. The man turned to Diame and leant over, his middle-aged dark eyes were inquisitive and level to his hat's brim. "Well, gonnae naw see naw other fairer lass, naw will I, ma'am?" He gave her a wide grin of an almost full set of teeth and a light chuckle. 
        Unsure of what the man had said exactly, Diame stood there with a meek, yet persistant questioning look. 
        The mule raised and elongated his neck, softly chomping his teeth and wriggling black lips a hand away from the ever tantilizing apple. "Aw, naw, will be not a pro'lem." The man nodded, and with one hand still on the reins untied a rope nearby, tied into the cart's back hatch, letting it down and open into the bulky cargo. "Ah know it be crowde' bu' a small lass'll find room fer sher, aye?" He motioned to a crate that could be a seat, complete with a large bag for backing.
        Diame bowed graciously in relief, "Thank you! Eyes watch over you!" She excitedly went around the cart and tossed in her staff, then climbed into the back. She sat and let down her bag while the man pulled at the rope and retied the back hatch. 
        With couple taps of the man's crop on the mule's hide, the animal had been flaring its whiskered nostrils, trying to sniff the aroma of the apple, but then resumed its walking pace, seemingly excited to once again be walking in pursuit of the bobbing, floating fruit. Diame jerked as the cart took motion again, then sat back with a sigh of relief as the green field passed by, watching the the maple tree she had just reposed beneath gradually growing smaller in the distance behind her.
        The man turned over his shoulder for a moment, "Oh, an' me be called Shul." He tipped his hat, "What do you b' called?" He cleared his throat, seemingly to be reminding himself of long forgotten manners, he hastily added, "If I do be so bold t' ask mi'lady's name?"
        A name. Diame had thought of many on her hike down the mountain, but eventually decided on one that would be plain and not garner unnecessary attention. "Delanda. My name is Delandra." She felt odd saying the new name outloud, but it seemed to work just fine as if she had said her real name. Nothing to be worried about, just precautions until I safely arrive in Ijia. "I am glad to make your acquaintance, Sir Shul."
        "Ah, naw, ma'am, no Sir for m'. Aye, Shul be jus' fine, I be jus' a simple man o' me wares. And I do be glad a humble man akin t' me can be of service, to the trav'lin' Lady Delandra." Shul eyed her kindly over his shoulder again, "You are of a noble house, aye?"
        He seemed to be looking at the gold circlet holding back her red curls of hair, with the pearl dangling on her forehead, and as well as her blue robes do look more fitting when worn in town. She hadn't thought she was over dressed for travels, but if her clothes said she was of a wealthy stature, then Delandra would now be a noble. She guessed it couldn't hinder her path north, she was a woman of some importance anyway, after all. "Aye, I decided to go to the cathedral in Ijia, for a lone pilgrimage, if you will."
        The man let out a slight scuffaw, "A walk fer God that was too lon' after all, eh?" Shul chuckled, "No matter, ma'am, yer path is safer now. That is fer a fact, for cert'in, with the roads growin' unkind up north, what wiff the attack on the kingdom and all."
        Diame stopped mid potato bite, "An attack? On Ijia, you mean?"
        "Oh, you 'aven't 'eard? Y' must don't get word of news very oft'n. Where is your noble house y' said you hailed from? Er, if you'd care t' sate an old man's curiosity, er, if I c'n ask, ma'am, er, mi'lady?" 
        "Well," Diame wasn't sure where Delandra would come from, as there wasn't much nobility in Teva, but wasn't sure how well that was known, nor if she should tell him where she truly was from lest she be recognized, but she did not know of many other cities outside of the Valleys of Mist. "Uh... just from a private noble house, in the south."
        "Aye, well, no matter, all nobility and common kin alike must watch their backs, there be a worse threat than any ruffian on the road. Them Pevali," Shul snarled the word as he spit over his shoulder, thankfully the one away from Diame. "The cowardly empire of the east struck the kingdom in the night, thin battle ships slitherin' in fog like slimy eels. The mighty castle Ijia defended 'erself, even though they say one o' them walls was raized."
        What? Ijia was attacked, but who would? Why? Her blue eyes widened with worry and shock, a possibility she didn't want to think of crossed her mind. A daemon appeared from the ocean in my dream, could that have some sort of connection to this attack by sea? Her visions always were cryptic and took time to discern their true meaning, but this time, the message was clearly important, but what it meant exactly was the mystery. "Did anything bad happen? Are the people of Ijia all right?" Diame awaited intently for the man to continue his words of knowledge of the goings on outside of Teva. She stared up ahead at the mountainrange up north, clouds encasing stone stabbing the sky, marring its ocean hue.
        "Oi, from what I hear, the people are alive, if shaken, but the castle and military are astir in complete disarray. One o' the three Lord Generals was felled, the one o' their 'Shadow' house, or what'ver." He seemed to pause grimly, staring beyond the clouded wall of the northern mountains as if recalling the story happening to the castle first hand. "If the skirmish di'int take 'im, he is feared for worse. Ruthless Peval has sudd'nly waged war on Ijia, but what man c'n fight other when the o'ly threat to peace is underworld beasties. Greed perhaps c'n force a man's hand to war. Money makes people d' strange things. Y'know I used t' work as a longshoreman, loaded them crates and such wiff tradeships, b' now I jus' transport cargo. Cushy job. By the by, be you headed t' Ijia y' would surely stay th' night at th' inn up the road pas' Breezefield. Tha's wh're I'll be. We c'n continue to th' kingdom in th' mornin', bu' I go t' Forestglenn and n' further. Me wife be there, as well as me daughters an'..." 
        She listened intently as she absently took bites of the cooked potato, watching the trees lining the dirt road pass by. Diame was deep in thought, hearing the news befallen Ijia, as well as discerning if what she had seen predicted such a thing. If this relates to a part of my swevens, they aye, I am headed in the right direction. If God wills for my journey to be sped up, then I must deliver this urgent news to Bishop Malbourne as soon as I am within the city walls. She decided, shifting her back against the sack of oranges, or possibly apples, she leant back against. Shul talked for some time of his life transporting merchandise, and time spent living in Ijia, occasionally drifted between talking of the news up north and his family. 
        Diame traveled for some time, listening, slowly eating away at her potato, until it had almost gone and cold. Her meal was filling, and tossed the remainder of flaky skin off in to the field. The cart carried her northward, and she wouldn't have believed she would be growing sleepy before noon as she listened to Shul talk. She had one instant of a comfortable fullness which turned into a need for a nap, and thought that if she might have gotten sleepy on her long journey, fortune would indeed bring a cart to sleep on.
        With that thought in mind, Diame started to nod off, head leant back, watching the wide green lands and open blue sky roll by at the steady pace of hooves. She would make this trip made much easier than she would have dreamed, and once she spoke to the Church in the morrow, she hoped that a reward could be arranged for this man who helped her. She wondered when they would reach that inn Shul spoke of, yearning for a comfortable bed than a bumpy cart, but atleast it wasn't under a tree. The High Priestess' thought of rest unwittingly even as sleep embraced her.


        Tilting his brown wings down in to a drastic dive, Maji gained speed diving through the dark clouds, beads of water slicked off his brown and white feathers, chasing one after another. He had to stay quick and ahead of a violent quarry, mindful of the thing his keeper wished him to send, the letter capsule dangling from the small pigeon-hawk's talon. He had flown far from the calm winds of Teva, and had only now run into the first sign of trouble.
        Gliding down from the mountain holding his home town earlier had been easy, the morning sun warmed him and the wind carried him with the fresh scents of Tevan farmland and his distant bird dome. The wide open fields were uneventful, he had flown low to maintain resting his wings, perching on the scattered trees one by one and making his way north in the wide open grass lands. 
        He made it all the way to the mountains, and had rest his wings for a very long time before attempting to fly over the sheer rockface. He waited for favorable winds, and when he caught them and ascended, he found the higher winds too turbulent and would tire him out to try to weave between the mountain summits, and not many trees in high altitude gave little places to rest one's wings. 
        Following the scent of the forest, Maji found one, low in between the rocky range, bypassing the mountains all together. He had swooped down to the wood take shelter on a branch, and was only able to rest his wings for only a few fleeting moments, before he had to flee quickly, in chase by the forest's vicious, territorial birds. A wild murder of crows was in persistant chase of Maji, thirty or more medium black birds with more bulk on them than the pidgeon-hawk, with long black wings that refeflected sunlight dully like soot. They constantly bombarded Maji, quickly flying higher than the bird, then swooping down at it, hooked claws swiping and sharp dark beaks open to bite making with aggressive 'caw-caw' sounds.
        Ascending high, Maji had to evade the barrage of attacks as he flew back into the clouds resting at the tops of the mountains. He had tired his wings out and spent so much time reaching the lofty height with hope to hide, and into this dark patch of clouds he glided, with further hopes he was still headed in the right direction. But, the murder of crows still followed him, swooping in with cruelly with hooked beaks, all with intent to wound. 
        A black crow swooped in from the side, unseen hiding in the dark cloud until it had emerged with rearing talons, swiping straight at Maji. The smaller bird turned and evaded, but another crow was awaiting there, nearly invisible in the dark cloud. The crow drove its beak to Maji, and with a sudden reply of a chirp of pain, white and brown breastfeathers plumed from his chest in a burst. With a beak full of feathers, the crow flew back into the darkness of the cloud, rejoining its brood with more violent caws following as if the murder smelled the first scent of Maji's blood. With a desperate maneuver, the pidgeon-hawk quickly copact his wings into a free falling dive, a move that could chill him frozen, but he had desperate enough intentions to save his life.
        Sight was limitied within the darkness of the thick silver cloud, and the scent of moonblossoms had all but faded. He knew not if he was falling straight for a mountain crag, but Maji could hear them, the score of thirty or so crows in the clouds after him, cawing ferociously in his wake. He flapped his compact wings slightly in an attempt to fall faster. Brightness, a veil of white coming out of the shadows. Piercing through it, he found himself under the clouds, the crows above would find him soon enough out in the open sky. Down he continued, wings carefully retracted and aiming to a safe part of the forest wide open below. 
        He heared the crooning of the murder build, he had lost them but only momentarily. Maji hoped the high winds would throw off his scent, and headed towards a favorable patch of trees, low in the valley by the mountainside.
        Landing on a strong oak, he hopped down the branches, glided to other trees, one by one, hoping to make his way to a safe place. Making his way tree by tree through the forest, he continued to a low canopy, protected under the trees' shade, and being extra wary not to discover anymore crows' nests.
        Perched on a treebranch, he took a hurried scan around, and saw a hidden alcove by the rocks, beneath the canopy of leaves. Up above, the distant chorus of caws frightened him, and in a moment he quickly made his descision. Maji fluttered his wings and swept over to the small opening in the stone wall, a cave that lead in only a few small steps was there. He carefully hovered over the entrance, and landed on the stone, talons and letter landing safely. 
        He nestled into the back of the cave, turned and staring outwards. The pidgeon-hawk waited, watching the forest and the sky above. In the distance, he watched the murder of crows fall in a vortex like an insect swarm tumbling in a column from the sky, going straight for the distant patch of trees Maji had just landed at. His wings let out a flutter, and he set both his black eyes on the spot, staring fiercely down his beak. Would they find him, the thought crossed the bird's mind. The last few crows descended into the forest, and the sky was clear, though they may well be beneath him, scouring the forest for his scent. Maji hoped his trick played off, hiding his scent among treetops where other birds had been and waiting cautiously. He could hear them crooning faintly in the distance, and he would wait until that subsided before he dared leave the shelter of the cave. He didn't even know why they were so aggressive, he was trying to leave their territory anyhow.
        Ruffling his feathers, Maji was relieved that he suffered no more than a few shed feathers, he was unharmed otherwise. Curiously, he sniffed the tiny hole he was enclosed in. An unfamiliar smell, yet unmistakenly avian. It seemed like some other birds had used this for a nest long ago, but not anytime recent. He would be safe here for a time.
        Patiently, he curled up his talons and sat with wings folded, the tied violet letter capsule rest by his side. 
        




        


        
        
        


How is Xavier witty, charming, and free thinking? How does he come off the opposite of Tavian?
War is a big deal in Caelutera. Not supposed to exist in the goddess's utopia world where only the demons are the enemy. Make that a bigger theme. 
Make Senna and Xavier react more and share glances subtley as friends to the shocking fact that Magnus is suggesting war. Lots of rections spread out.
What would Ijia be doing today if Peval had not attacked them a week ago?
Up playing religion. 
WTF WAR?
What would XAVIER be doing if Pevali hadn't attack'd? How does he feel about war? Where was he when the attack happened?
Xavier was in a battle, he had to defend the castle from people storming it. He had to kill people to save others. How does he deal with that as a Paladin?
Everyone knows someone who died.


Pevali abducted Tavian to learn of his Arcana magick knowledge. Peval is the magick world police, they do not allow their own people to learn magick freely like Ijia and Lux Grande do. They are using the guise of taking it up on theirselves to stop Ijia from using their magicks freely, because they use shadow magick. This is unknown, as the world was based on magickal freedom.




Diame at table convinced to leave to see the bishop in Ijia, writes letter for Eljuk then quickly gathers things, leaves!


DAY 1 - Mersday, Mid morning
Diame sneaks out, scene with Sindha on a bridge, once she is out and over the hills, ending with Maji flying over her.


Xavier's chapter, sets out to forest fort.


Diame on the road and stops to have lunch, a merchant passes by and she gets a ride.




115 pages... Night 1!!!


NIGHT 1 - Nightfall
Tavian's chapter, heads to Jirata


Diame arrives at an inn at night with merchant, inn tavern scene (people talk of war between ijia and peval here) and she sleeps, thinking of arriving in Ijia the next day. 


Xavier arrives at the forest fort.


PAST, during when sleep would be
Mirnada origin story in Peval


DAY 2 - Morning
Diame and merchant get attacked deep in the forest by bandits, Xavier and paladins at forest fort save them. Xavier escorts Diame to Ijia, then goes to see Senna.


DAY 2 - Later
Tavian arrives in Jirata and meets up with Mirnada, heads to Ijia.


DAY 2 - near evening
Diame sees the bishop who dismisses her without hearing a word. She goes to get permission to see Queen Senna, is denied, and has a chance encounter with her anyway. 
NIGHT 2 - Saves her life that night and gains trust.


Small scene with Tavian steering the ship at night, thoughts of returning to Ijia.


DAY 3 - Dawn
Diame has morning scene with Xavier and Queen Senna, they are still not convinced to send anyone to the north lands with her, but war is declared against Pevali. 
Mirnada awakens to find Tavian piloting the ship into Ijian harbors, they enter the city. Tavian leaves her behind when he hears war was declared, he goes straight into the castle. Mirnada sneaks in right behind him.
With the four main characters together in the same room, it is decided they shall go together. Tavian wants Mirnada to stay behind, but reluctantly lets her come along.
Party departs to Desye


DAY 3 - Evening
On the ship the characters talk and reiterate slightly, Diame thinks heavily on how this is the third day of her cloister, she has to come outside and address her people the next morning. With the note saying tell them she is meditating longer, she figures she has another 3 days until she has to actually be back and revisit the water temple on Mersday. She resolves to find whatever it is she was meant to find and come back as quick as she can to make it back home in time.


DAY 4 - Morning
Eljuk discovers Diame is gone and her note, makes public announcement she is still meditating and shall be out soon. Some panic, but kept under wraps. Secretly, Gerard sends a letter straight to Lux Grande. He writes a whistle-blowing letter to get Diame into trouble for not sticking her duties, and makes Eljuk send it, and lies about the contents of the letter.
Party arrives in the Northlands, head to Desye


NIGHT 5- Evening and night
scenes with Madame Oakh and Tavian


DAY 5 - Morning - All day
Travel to the tower, fight with Fa'Mes


NIGHT 5 
Diame's battle with Leviathan
Azaria's chapter
Party takes care of Diame late at night at Gruphen's house.


DAY 6, Book 2, Windsday
Lux Grande representatives arrive in Teva, and demanding for Diame to come out with what she has learned from her visions, Eljuk stalls them.
Diame and party start their day in Desye, the guys have a scene in town, their mission complete, discuss preparations to leave. Oakh takes women to the Wind Temple and Diame has a vision there, one with words, and must get back to Teva village by tomorrow morning. They take a wolfsled with Gruphen and hastily make it back to their ship. They get attacked by SLOTH on the way. They encounter secret Merfolk man, and sail their way to Ijia. Diame is nervous of using her water powers, but figuring out how to use Wind aether for the first time, she makes the ship sail faster to get back to Ijia quickly. 


NIGHT 6
They arrive in Ijia the evening, a carriage and escort of just Xavier are arranged for Diame immediately so she can return to her village for the next vision the Water Temple would give her the next day. They travel the carriage all through the night, get attacked by a banshee even, and still make it before dawn the next day.
Tavian re-asserts his role as general, bitch scene with Magnus.


DAY 7 - Dawn of a new Mersday
Diame makes it back to Teva just before dawn with her escort, and sneaks back into her home past even lux grande acolytes outside her door. She changes into her ceremonial clothes and comes out of her house, to the church's surprise. As she approaches the water temple, she discovers the church had already replaced her with another Priestess! Once she is out in public, the other woman makes her good news of what she had seen a mindless spectacle, and Diame is taken back to Lux Grande for questioning for leaving.




And thats pretty much tit.




















































































 










        III. Waking into a Nightmare


AWAKENING INTO DARKNESS, he took a sharp gasp to find his eyes adjusting warily to the dim light of the small stone room. The young man's head throbbed, he reached to touch it and found a cloth bandage, wrapped tightly around his head and dried with blood. He had no memory of the bandage, much less the wound, and knew even less of where he was. His eyes were still adjusting to the room's lack of light, but he thought there were three walls around him, with the fourth wall aglow with the faint unknown light source, past a grate of metal bars. Anxious to see what was was beyond them, he shrugged to sit up, which was more of a struggle than he anticipated. His muscles ached unexpectedly and sharp pangs followed when he moved, but he managed to get leant up against the stone wall behind him. 
The young man aged twenty-two years checked what he had left to him after obviously being disarmed of his weapons. He wore only the garb of a Shadow Knight in battle, removed of the darksteel battle armor and chain mail. A dark cloth shirt under a leather jerkin covering his chest, black woolen trousers, and a single metallic right-handed glove. His gauntlet was wrought of dark-steel scale plates that fit over his hand smugly as if a second layer of skin, and a short plate that covered his back forearm secured with two dark-steel buckled straps of black wyvern leather. His eyes’ irises were dark silver hazel, serrated around the pupil with a deep ruby-red circle. They were stern with command over a ferocious temper kept only to be released in combat against threats to his home. His tan face had the beard of about a week, and he imagined he had been asleep for as long. He was of average height and had short jet-black hair slicked down with sweat. He wiped his ungloved hand against his clothes, they felt grimy and dirtied his hand more than cleansing it. The young man did not know how long he had been in this room, sitting in filth.
He strained his red-hazel eyes to see past the steel bars ahead, but it was too dark to see anything. He wanted to get up and press his face against the bars to possibly catch a glimpse down the hall, but he groaned at the thought of moving as he felt his whole body throb in pain. His stomach wretched with hunger, and his parched mouth worked words his mind was starting to piece together. Where have I been taken to...? What happened to the castle...? Pain from the left temple of his head pulsed, he ran his hand through his short black hair to find part of it sticky and caked with more of his dried blood, and the bandage hurt to touch. He vaguely rembered a battle, and fighting off countless enemy soldiers, ruthlessly fervent and clad in red and gold Peval armor. "Ugh, did I let my guard down? Nay, we were overwelmed at one point, I think, and then..." the young man asked himself aloud, and the more he pushed himself to try and remember anymore, the aching in his head pulsed harshly.
        An agonized sound utterly shattered the silence, so gruesome was it, he didn't want to believe it came from another human. Though it was muffled behind somewhere, and even with all the thunder of lungs was that muffled behind somewhere, the voice sounded familiar, even if indistinguishable. The sound echoed down the stone halls, resonating after a long distance. With shock and alarm, he willed to sit up, but could barely budge his sluggish and beaten body. Gathering all his strength, and was able to rise to his feet gritting his teeth and leant gently against the coldness of the stone wall, his legs felt almost too heavy to stand. He felt against the wall until he shuffled wearily to the grate of iron bars. The screams of unbearable pain resonated again, sounding of a man that would soon be beyond recognition.
        He placed his hands on the metal grating, built in with a locked door containing the young man within the stone, windowless room. The flesh of his left hand touched the harsh cold, and his gauntleted right glove clanked against the metal. "Where am I!" He meant to shout but his voice was hoarse, and he gulped, parched from food or drink. There was another distant yell, followed again by echoes into silence.
        Frustrated, the man clanked his steel hand against the metal bars, clanking the door loudly and resonating down the halls. He cleared his throat, and strained his parched voice to shout, "What wretched rats put me in here! Fie!" He punched the prison grating, "Let me out!"
        "Oi mate, I can hear ye!" a man's voice said nearby, followed by a hush. "Keep quiet and come here."
        The young man saw a hand reach out from the hallway, and a pale, scrawny man was poking his head out of the bars in the cell adjacent to him. He found the same place in the bars where a single bar was missing, possibly for meals, and cautiously looked around as he put his head and hands through as well. "Who are you? Where is this place"
        The other man squint the eyes on his gaunt face, "Whats it to you?! Stop asking me all these questions! I-I can't handle it!" His greasy frazzled hair fell into his face and he pushed it back as he caught his breath. "I, I apologize. He, he asks me questions every day and I hear the sounds of others and..." the man trailed off, his hallowed eyes were colored light yet had barely any life in them. He looked on the verge of sobbing.
        "I'm in an interrigation gaol? I was..." Taking pause to say it out loud making it true horrified him, "... I was captured? But, then where am I?" Before he could ask anymore, another yell muffled from a distance chilled him.
        The gaunt man reached out his hand in an attempt to grab at his, even though his reach was helplessly far away. "You are in Hell my friend. This is a dungeon beneath an abandoned house, a guise so no one will come looking here for anyone. And if they do..." His eyes widened, staring straight at him with a craze and began to weep. "They share the same fate as anyone else down here."
         "Tell me who you are, not that I want to know." The young man replied, adding a touch more patience "I want out of here just as badly as you. Now, who are you, how long have you been here?"
        The man hung his head low, his long grimy hair hiding his face as he spoke to the floor. "Me name is Aluce, I am a hunter of rare wares and well... I w-was only lookin' for any abandoned junk no one would want, try to hock it, but... I found out what was really here, and was captured." He shuddered painfully, turning to face him with tears weeping down his face, wincing at the many wasted years here. He looked a man undone by hundreds of days inflicted pain and punishment by whatever demented people kept the place. The man gathered his wits once more and went on. "This is a hidden empireal dungeon for the worst of their tried and convicted in their courts, and apparently you lot of war criminals are the only thing they are interested in at the moment. Now, you tell me who you are and why they actually want you to be here! They say you're the leader of the knights they brought back over the sea."
        Captured in the attack, imprisoned and..., the young man's red-hazel eyes widened, "We are in Peval territory!?"
        Aluce let out a maddened cackle, and grinned madly. His pale, gaunt face stretched with a mocking glower, and he continued to laugh hysterically. Another struggled groan chilled the air in the hallway, and the man stopped abruptly. "Tell me your name if you want to know a single thing more." He snarled.
        Taking a long pause, he did remember who he was. That was a relief, atleast. "I am Tavian, of house Drakon." The young man said.
        "So, you are the Ijian General? Eyes watch over us, the empire may yet be unstoppable." Aluce bore a kind of hopelessness, then gave Tavian a harsh look. "They sought you out. I know, He has been talking of you every day, hoping you were not dead. I was praying for your sake that you were." 
        "Where are the other Shadow Knights that have been taken here?"
        "Whats it to you? You won't live to see the skies again,  your Lordship." Aluce scoffed. "Consign to life in your tiny cell. They built this dungeon set up on myths of tortures inflicted in the underworld. The different chambers for prisoners are named after kingdoms ruled by daemons, and I can only imagine this is where they wanted to truly break a man's soul, and instill despair to the point that you regret being able to still draw breath. Nary a man will want to after a few days, and nary one escapes."
        "You seem to know a lot about this gaol." Tavian spoke with wit intentioned to be humorous, then regretted the words.
        Aluce repeated it, "Nary one escapes." he uttered in a chilled whisper.
        Tavian heard the yelling resonate the prison walls once more, shouted words that sounded like desperate pleading. He and Aluce stared at one other uneasily. There was silence, and then followed by very faint muffled conversation, as if two people talking. Several clanks of metal repeated, and then a metal door took its time screeched open, slowly spilling a bright orange glow flickering across the stone wall before Tavian.
        The man in the cell next to him was staring down behind him, eyes widened with terror. Aluce slunk his head back through the steel bars, Tavian did the same, and to his disgust, the new light made him aware of the cell he was within. The stone walls were all scraped and bloodied, tiny indentations where fingernails scratched until they were bloody stumps streaked across the walls indiscriminately. Tavian's stomach churned, and uneasily thought of how many had been forced in this room, and were mutilated by whatever madmen jailer Peval kept in their employ. The Shadow Knight slunk into the center of the cell, huddled on the stone floor away from any of the perturbing wall marks. He noticed more scratch marks on the ground, leading a straight line out of the cell, and turning down the hall. He blocked the image out and sat, desperately keeping his thoughts clear.
        The voices carrying on the distant conversation gradually grew closer, the orange light against the wall drew shapes of living shadows, they crept along with echoed footsteps, the words' faint cadence gradually grew audiable.
        “... Aye, but because of careless slips of the blade, a secret on the tip of a tongue forever gone!” a man grumbled with scorn. 
        “I apologize, sir.” A different man responded in meek acquiescence which sounded more a patient mock, “However, I did behoove you not to pressure me with what I do. A very delicate procedure provides the best information from chipping away at a personality to find every little thing out about them." There were a few more steps, and it seemed he was waiting for the angry man to begin talking before the oily speaking man interrupted him. "I don't even have need to explain the details of what I do, you would have seen first hand had you not paced around, commanding me to, 'press harder', like one of your soldiers. As I did what you said, you altered my entire process. I'd almost think you liked ordering me to kill. When it grew too tantalizing for you to end a man's life, with his innards proffered open on the slab, aye?” he chuckled belittlingly.
        The angry voice scoffed, and two shadows stood still in the orange hue, their silhouttes facing one another, and a man raised a threatening hand to the other and began shouting. “Nay, Inquisitor! You have failed in the last task you were given, he died with the knife in your hand, you bloody dolt. Has living underground for so many years rotted your mind to where you can not simply make a man talk?! We hold nary an Ijian prisoner more who can speak, and the last of which who you can't even tell whether if he is alive or not!" 
        The oily voice man's shadow was tall, yet sunk quietly, listening without defiance.
        Seeming to see his sign of diffidence, the angry man continued to speak, tightening the leash on his temper. "He leads the pagan knights Ijia houses, we wist not what they are capable of. Our duty is to learn of their wicked, unnatural magicks which infect Evaz'sa's holy world of light. Wist you the urgent importance of your next task and the dangers if I leave you unabided? They are aethermancers that house an evil shadow craft, magicks of the ancient world, they say, and perhaps a vital key to understanding the uncovered legends of that elusive regent called a 'mana pool', hidden in the northern lands. God-Emperor Kilnero himself inquires daily of any progress with my task, and I have to look an inept fool making excessive excuses!” There was a long pause followed by the angry man stalking over the other man, shaking with intimidation, “If you dare tell me you have failed me once more-”
        “Then do not waste my vital time with idle threats, Lord General.” the oily voiced man scoffed, “Are you not busy with your other tasks at hand? You know nary a man can keep their tongue tightened in my lair." His shadow straightened his back and waved the stalking man dismissively. "My guest would beg to convey whatever words kept clandestine and part with whatever oathes sworn on his life, if only to briefly quiet the screams I loosen from his soul.”
        The angry shadow crossed his arms and began to motion off, “Time is of the essence, you’d best be quick.” He raised his hand pointing down the hall, and a blurr of other shadows joined the scene.
        Sitting cross-legged, Tavian couldn't help but nervously stare at the reflected light and shadows as he fingered the stone floor with his metal plated hand. This must not be real, I must have hit my head harder than I thought. I can not possibly be in Pevali territory! His red-hazel eyes shifted on the blurred shadows, trying to discern what was happening.
        The movement settled and the orange light from some unseen room grew as metal clanged against stone, and loud thumps followed by a slow shuffle of footsteps and something being dragged. Another metal door creaked open and shut a few moments later with a slam.
        Sweat beaded down his face, Tavian nearly began to shake but he steeled his nerves. He had been trained rigorously in the Shadow Knight ways, methods to transfer physical pain into concentrated, powerful spells. He being one of the most powerful users of this magick, but, it was apparent he was in a weak state where conducting even a simple spell would be difficult, as he was severely wounded and barely alive from being starved for more days than he should have survived. Oh, but I am in the cruel heart of the blood blinded empire. This gaol's walls are haunted with spirits cursed to dwell here after their time. I need to escape, but I am in Peval, far, far away from home. His head wound throbbed, his red-hazel eyes widened, and a flicker of dark red light filled them for a moment, and winked out. 
Boot steps walking away, followed by steps advancing closer and a figure in the firelight drawing nearer. A door in the distance slammed loudly, and a tall hunched shadow halted before Tavian's cell bars. 
Tavian pushed his sweat matted hair out from his dirty face, and stared at the creature of a human approach him. Though the young general kept calm and did not make any more movements, the drum of his heart felt as if pounding against his ribcage, and his stomach turned sick with acid. 
The man's ghostly figure approached the steel bars, the side of his face and white coat appeared in the stretched light as he stepped before the bars, standing ridgidly and belittling, a warden examining his prisoner. The pale man leaned in closer to peer over him, dark eyes carefully staring at the man sitting in the center of his cell. He stood tall and very thin with leather belts holding his coat tight, and only now did Tavian notice the visible bloody filth running down his front. His head and face were clean shaved, and his eyes were pitch-black, cold and ruthlessly vacant. He obviously was aware Tavian had stirred in his cell, after he must have not moved for several days. Baring a slight teethy grin, he leaned forward against the metal bars with condescending words, "So, you decide to finally tell me you were alive this whole time." He said without empathy.
Raising to meet his gaze, Tavian stared back with a resistant glare.
"Did you enjoy wasting my time sleeping for nearly a whole seven nights? Pift, a trifle problem at the moment, that long-winded man is gone and with you all to myself, I can take all the time needed to make sure you can still speak. With you finally awake, let us make haste. Stand, prisoner Tavian!" The man stared at him with dangerous intentions anticipated in his eyes.
        "I could hand a heap of horseshite for your wasted time. Your haste made best be spent opening this damnable cage with my release at once!" Tavian snapped back with a scowl. I will not submit to a single word of this madman's warped mind!
        The man curled his leathery lips and let out a mocking cackle. He shook his head, "I'd expect nary any less fire from General Tavian Drakon, a man corrupted so deeply in daemonic arts. Even after you were brought here with that gash in your head, I bandaged you and tried to keep you alive, not that I truly expected you to live. Yet your unnatural magicks did not disappoint, here roaring with your pagan kingdom's bloodlust ever at the ready. How fortunate, you may now enjoy the privelage of a long, unique relationship. I will ask you  After a few years, you may get to know me as well as my pet does." A faint whimper came from Aluce's cell, and the man clad in the dirty white garb let out a sinister laugh.
        Ignoring the madman, Tavian maintained a steeled stare. "Who are you?!" He cut off the man's evil chuckle.
        A trickle of blood dripped down the man's brow, and he brought a hand to brush it aside of his sleeve, a faint smear remaining across his face. "I am the questioner retained by secret members of the Empereal military. You will address me as Lord Inquisitor Fracelan. I’ve been patiently waiting a long time for you to wake up, Tavian... very patiently." he put emphasis on the words as he locked his fingers through filthy gloves, "I was so eager to question you when they brought word a general of accursed Ijia had been ta'en. But, you were on the verge of death, and I was told not to let you die. Apparently, only a wound that rent you undone was the only way to subdue you, though it would have felled a normal man."
        The wound on his head felt as though his skull had been cracked over by a shillelagh. Tavian faintly remembered being at the front lines of a fierce battle in the midst of a night that could have been the same one as now with lapse of memory of anything else happening. He pieced together fighting ruthless Peval knights attempting to charge the castle over the fallen wall, however, he seemed to remember facing multiple foes at once, as his knights were overwhelmed. The Pevali seemed to be set on to overtake Ijia, yet their blades were turned on the Shadow Knights. In fact, did many of their soldiers ever pass the front lines, even with their greater numbers? All was a blurr in his head, then he realized an even worse thing could have happened if he was here. "Was the castle taken? Did Ijia fall?!" The General asked in a worry.
        With a disecting look, Fracelan answered, somewhat pleased by the fact his prisoner seemed to be already shaken. "Your kingdom of the far west still stands with your dangerous ilk, albeit the only reason why Ijia is not a burning pile of rubble is because the Empireal fleet commanded a strategic retreat. Of course, once you, along with a few other select knights utilizing your kingdom's forbidden magick were dealt with and loaded onto the ships, the task Peval set out to do was completed." He said with the satisfaction of having Ijia's general set so before him.
        Shock gaped Tavian's jaw for a moment, then he quickly closed it, and a hateful grimace replaced it. "You mean to tell me, the entire skirish was a ruse?!" Ignoring his body's wounds and pain, he began to stand, meeting his captor's dark eyes with his enraged glare. "You mean to tell me," He forced himself over to the wall of metal bars, aching muscles moving with the fervent haste of a slug, "Scores of men have died, on either side of the battlefield, just so Peval would capture Ijian knights," He placed his hands gripping the bars, "for a mad man to question them on their magick?! Why? Why do this?! Where are my knights!" Tavian shouted nearly in the man's face.
        A frown of dissatisfaction met with the prisoner before him, and Fracelan squint his eyes thoughtfully at him once more, "As for why we have taken an interest in your magick, soon enough, you will know. Very, very, soon." A hateful grin twisted his face, and he let out a brief yet not any less mad, heartless chuckle. "Taking the time to understand your kingdom's use of pagan aethermancy, I did have the opportunity to tinker with some Ijian Paladins as well as the Shadow Knights you once commanded. Aye, the few white knights I questioned did not demonstrate their Paladin magick. They only uttered desperate prayers to Evaz'sa's merciful light, yet their voices did fill these chamber walls but not with words of use beyond the sounds they made whilst mine blade enjoyed splitting open their bellies." A crazed smile split his pointed teeth, eyes rolling as if recalling the sick ecstacy of one of many a sadistic moment. "They prayed to the light, and sank into darkness, never to see the outside of the Furnace!" he bocked an ironic laugh. "My orders never spoke of their lives' importance, and after they met their end, I was ready to begin on your Shadow Knights. They were an interesting lot."
        Tavian's gauntleted and bare hands grabbed against the bars, staring the vile man with his dark eyes full of a deep, seething hatred. The most cruellest of criminals hired to do the unspeakable work of the empire, an inquisitor in his bloody high necked uniform coat, giving gnawing grins and staring at him with intentions to somehow piece him apart. Even worse, this thing of a man liked to do this to noble Shadow Knights Tavian knew and commanded. They were not to be remembered recieving a valiant warrior's death fighting Underworld creatures in an attempt to defend their country, nay, this Empire of the East set out to torture Ijian lives! They met their end at the hands of a madman in this forsaken gaol! "Who did you murder?" he exhaustedly asked the heavy question, and tightened his hands around the bars, his gauntleted hand scraping loudly against the metal. "How many Ijian lives did you take, you bile breathing bastard!" He managed to raise his voice to meet with his captor's.
        Crossing his gloves covered black with filth, Fracelan removed them one after another, uncaring if blood slicked his pale, elongated hands. "You have demanded many answers to a mountain of questions, I answer only because I need to see how cognitive your brain still is. I inform you to better the words you speak, but mostly because you were not awake to hear your comrades beg for mercy."
        "You lie!" Tavian roared hoarsely.
        "Oh, your Ijians allies fought back and struggled, curses to my name and even warned that I would be placed on my own slab. Hah!" Fracelan turned to the light source staring at something down the hall, the wet slick of his coat reflecting the flickering orange light. "It makes nary a difference what threats a man makes with his innards gutted out. Although I did learn much of your Shadow Knight Arcana in this process, oddly enough, but only as they died. Their unnatural eyes glowed and at times could mend their own flesh where cut, which was fascinating, but unfortunately for them it only prolonged their lives and suffering, although not nearly enough to learn anymore. Not so in the case with you," He turned his unkind glare with a certain unsettling glimmer, growing somewhat excited, and slowly closing in on Tavian within his cell. "I had to stave off the, the longing to feel my knife cut into your flesh... Waiting so patiently when you would awaken, if you would awaken, to hear the locked away words you will beg to disclose to me.” Fracelan gave Tavian a twisted grin with his pointed teeth. 
        Banging his gauntleted hand, the door and bars confining Tavian rattled and resonated, but the painful punch took everything for him to maintain his balance afterwards. A worthwhile rouse that did cause his captor to flinch, and it fired the young man's retort. "Nay, I'll never betray a single word to the Pevali Inquisition!" Struggling through feeling like his whole body was one giant ache, Tavian managed keep on his feet, albeit wobbly. “I’d sooner endeavor any pain and take what it is you seek to the grave before I would utter a single breath of a word!” He held still, keeping his mirth fast.
        Composing himself, Fracelan had underestimated the fight left in this captured man, but he went back to standing ridgidly as if his prisoner hadn't startled him off guard. “I do not have plans to let you see a grave, you see, you are all that is needed, and while you withhold words, you rot in this cell as the moons pass by. Maintain your resistance with nothing to say, and even while your body lay before me to vivisect, your silence will break for the sounds of secret words, but I do long to hear your screams. In time, your spirit will break and perhaps with mercy I will spill your innards out before you. Answer my questions I have for you as you may, in the end, you will feel my infinite mercy, giving you the cold, tantalizing embrace of death you’ll yearn for.” Pausing for a hard stare, Fracelan then started to dig through a pouch in the side of his coat. "In fact, I grow impatient with the wasting of my time. I think I shall welcome you to the hearth of your new home, and show you the true horror. Excruciating toils beyond your imagination will now become real nightmares that you shall never awaken from." Out from his filthy coat he pulled a long coil of thumb-sized dark metal links, a sinister glee painted his gaunt, hairless face as he fingered the chain expectantly.
        His chest pounding, Tavian thought of something to say, something to do. I need to be in Ijia, I have to tell them what I know! What will become of me?! He wanted to look around for an escape but knew there was one. The young general stared down the frightful man holding the chain, though he had no intention of letting Fracelan use it on him. "You detestable fiend! Damn you and all of Peval! I care not what disgusting acts you desire to inflict, or whatever emperial dog barks your orders, I will never succumb to pain of torture! Is the empire so afeared of Ijia's Shadow Knights they must capture and kill them akin to kiniving spiders, afeared to face a warrior in battle! I will never divulge secrets to such a weak, pathetic coward! You will witness the full fire of my resistance, the leader of the Shadow you so fear!" He panted for a breath, and tried to will his hazey mind to concentrate, desperately trying to tap into his magick known as Arcana. 
        The tight bandage around his temple wracked the throbbing wound to his head, his mind hurt in the attempt to use his aethermancy, but the master of Darkness Magick would not give up so easily. I should be able to gather enough of the aether in here to return some of mine lost strength. Inevitably, he must open the door, I can then overpower him by surprise. With all his might he ignored the pain at his wound, feeling as though his head would split further. 
        Sensing the cold darkness energies in the gaol cells, Tavian felt old feelings of long suffered anguish and despair, the wall splatters marking the countless human suffering. Such actions had left lingering aether of the Darkness element at the place, the secrets of the Shadow Knights can harness the element into strengh. Such was the powerful discipline of Arcana, utilizing what dark intentions that once caused harm in the past to themselves or others, and become an embodiment of revenge. So fierce and feared are these knights by underworld spawn or cruel men who would commit truly wicked acts, the surprise to Tavian was underwhelming when he found himself trapped in the evil empire's gaol, with them at the ready to find out what makes his magick tick. What truly evil things were they doing to require knowledge of Arcana magick passed Tavian's thoughts, but dismissed it as he continued to concentrate on conducting.
        Eyes burning with their red glow, Tavian felt the flows of the darkness aether enter his body from head to toe through small, thin wisps of black mist that seemed to ooze out of the walls. Warming his blood and soothing the aches in his muscles, the dark energy around him replaced his lost strength with a rush of energy that swelled fiercely like battlefield adrenaline. He could feel his flesh restored from within, his limbs aching and numb from atrophy swelled with the warm aether flowing through him. He was unaware if Fracelan knew what he was doing, or if he could see the spell or the aether he was conducting, but nonetheless, the man watched with hateful eyes piqued with perturbing curiosity, and yet did not look worried to stop him. Tavian figured that as long as a wall of steel bars separated him from the torturer, he should manage to finish his spell uninterrupted.
        A sort of unexpected heaviness came down up on Tavian as he conducted the cell's lingering dark magick energies within himself. He throught it odd, but reminded himself he had lost a lot of strength, and had suffered from a headwound and starvation. He could feel the connection to the walls, every pock hole in its surface, every ripple and scratch mark he felt with his mind, every drop of dried dark red streaked down it. That bastard! I will show him the strength of Ijia and teach him to fear the Shadow! He tried to draw energies around him more, drinking deeper of the dark aether staining the walls around him. The heaviness suddenly took over his body, and he collapsed to his hands and knees, writhing as a sickness pummeled his stomach, and his body felt paralyzed as if his limbs were all sluggish with rot. He struggled to stay even sitting on his knees, and could not stop from absorbing the room's energies, no matter how hard he tried to sever the flows he had made into himself. A burning sensation grew over him, he felt as if every bone in his body were bruised and broken, and he had his mouth agaped to yell from the unimaginable pain sensation that had overtaken him, but only a hoarse, airy whisper escaped. The Shadow Knight general lay helpless, mind dazed and lost for reason for what had happened to him.
        Cautiously, Fracelan bent his neck, lowering his head down the stiff collar of his filthy coat. Standing over the man hunched over in pain, he wore a grin of pure satisfaction through his pointed teeth. "Aye, Lord General Tavian, you should learn to kneel before me sooner rather than later, however it helps you not." 
        There was a rattling of metal, and Tavian strained his downcast gaze to turn up to see what his captor was doing, even though fighting the agony from whatever wicked spell continued to do so to him. Metal links rattled metallically as pale Fracelan pushed the coiled chain through through the rectangle opening in the confining cell bars where he had thought would be for taking in a prisoner's meal. I can not move but only feel this pain, what does he expect me to do? Willingly bind myself? I can barely move as it is as I'm eaten away by detestable uses of aethermancy! With a clamor of metal, the chain tossed within the cell landed by Tavian's bare feet on the dimly lit stone floor. Unable to move beyond invuluntary spasms, he wondered briefly what Fracelan planned to do with the chain, then he felt cold metal slithering around his legs, binding them tightly, and continueing to wrap up his body. He fell off his hands and tried to grab at the chain and wrestled with it and with his might pulled to loosen its hold, but it made no difference and wrapped around his arms as well, tossing him flat to the ground and hitting his wounded head against the stone floor. In a daze, Tavian saw a flash of light, then the dark room became an even darker blurr. Sounds became distant and he knew his head hurt, but whatever he was percieving now was beyond a state of disorientation.
         The chain tightened taught and then stopped as Tavian felt the cold metal pieces dig into him through his clothes, constricting his breathing and aching his wounded body. Wrapped tightly as if the interconnected chains were all one piece of meta continueing to bend and warp, then flattened.         Hitting against the floor again, Tavian's bandaged head throbbed and his vision blurred, the dim light of the room was hazey, and he could hear repetative clicking sounds of metal. The long shriek of the rusted door creak open nailed an echo to the walls, resounding of wailing spirits. He could feel himself being dragged against the floor with the constant sound of chains scraping with the stone.
        A blaring orange effulgence of wildly flickering firelight at the end of a long tunnel eclipsed by a black shadow looming from above, its arms outreached for him. He felt the coolness of the stone floor rasp against his skin and sore body as step by step the shadow dragged him closer towards the orange glow. Tavian could only watch the dim bars of light cast into empty cells fade in and out of existance as he passed them by.
        As Tavian approached the solid orange glow of the vertical rectangular entrance, the shadow dragging him crossed the threshold, Fracelan's face seen with a grin as he passed into the light, then he was too bright to see. A moment of shock as Tavian saw shadows cast from faces above him, yet he knew no one stood there as he was dragged into the orange light. He strained his head against the chain wrapped around his neck, and a brief look back down the hallway chilled him. Tavian swore he saw hundreds of faces, all shadows and wisps, all at the height of where men would stand, but no bodies beneath. No shock filled him, no time for worrying about anything else but his life. A surreal sight, or a trick of my wounded mind? A malicious trap of suffered false illusions? Whatever the shadowed faces filling the air in the hallway were, or weren't, they still hovered there, dark eyeless stares faded all together as he was dragged completely into the light. The heavy metal door reflecting of the fire swung slowly, closing out the dark hallway, then shut with a clang that echoed briefly in the small room.




















                III.2 Within the Furnace


        Tavian's eyes wearily adjusted to the brightness of the room, and the warm pool he was laying in, bound to the coiled chain. He became aware of the horrible stench violating his nostrils, the smell of gore and burnt blood, and worst of all the water he lay in was red and rank. His bindings were pulled and Fracelan dragged him, then propped him upright against the wall, and then shackled metal manacles to his wrists binding his hands; metal and flesh both. Fracelan pulled at the chains against the wall, pulling taut and hoisting Tavian up. He tried struggling, but movement was sluggish and he could barely put the thought to move his limbs in the daze he was in. The leather jerkin he wore came off, leather straps cut off with scissors, as was his dark shirt. Deep scars of long past were bore into Tavian's chest, running down his stomach, the old cuts were rippled into one another from countless cuts suffered during battle. Fracelan eyed the old wounds thoughtfully, then continued to pull at the rest of his clothing, removing his trousers and smallclothes, stripping him bare. Then shackled his feet to the wall as well, tightened with chains.
        Trying to intake the small room with the bright heat in the back through his blurry vision was a challenge for Tavian, as was puzzling out what was being done to him. The tall man carried something dunked into a barrel and came at him with it. The young man opened his lungs for breath to shout expecting pain, and instead felt his body splashed with ice cold water, he coughed on it as he gasped for air. His red-hazel eyes squint, and he could see, catching his wind as he snapped out of his daze. 
        The stone room held a large hearth built into the wall filled with a roaring fire that lit up the room with a hot, dark red and orange flame through a metal grating. Affixed to the wall above it were knives and swords, hanging from the stone ceiling were hooks from chains, and the walls were black and red from gore. The floor was a slick of water and sticky red blood scattered with tiny pieces of torn flesh. A giant stone slab with shackles at either end lay on the ground nearly covered with gore and filth. A long wooden table nearby it held rusted instruments, saws, knives, screws with spiked tips, and an array of small yet cruel devices, some he knew as thumbscrews or leg splitters, others were strangely shaped metal machines that were a blade or two rested in a gear turned by crank. Tavian had never seen the kinds of objects ever employed for questioning in before, especially not in Ijia. How they were used were unknown yet each device seemed crafted so intricately heinous he desired not the knowledge. 
        In the middle of this room, Fracelan stood, tall in his filthy white coat, surrounded by the glow of the fire in the questioning room. "This is the Furnace, where all in my gaol spill their secrets until I deign they may meet their end."
        Pulling at the shackles around his arms and legs did Tavian any help, even his right hand of gauntleted metal pulled against the chains to no avail. He was suspended a hand or two off the stone ground, unable to fight, bound with his back against a wood board affixed to the wall. "You vile coward, I shall speak not a single word in response to what questions you may ask. I will keep Ijia safe even as I die, if only to keep the knowledge you seek away from you." Tavian snarled at him, pulling at his chains, trying to tear them out of the wall with what strength he could muster.
        Watching him attempt to break free of his chain binds, Fracelan stood thoughtfully weighing his captive. "A violent brute of a lad, aren't you?" He examined Tavian with a frown, unafraid of how he pulled at the confining chains as he approached close enough as if discecting him in his mind. "What strength, but of a passionate, true warrior that will never give up, or perhaps it is the result of the long use of wicked magicks that bestow these unnatural powers. As you struggle for your life, it would be considered admirable by many. However, to be so corrupted by daemonic magick and to desperately make use of it to save ones own wicked life when put near death is pathetic. A natural death should have brought an end to you long ago it seems, monster." He pointed his finger to the numerous aged tears through the lads skin, each burrowed deep in numerous places in the flesh of his torso, and scoffed, "So many old openings in the flesh that tell of would-be mortal wounds on your Shadow Knights, and for you, you're covered in them. Yet, you're younger and less experienced than them, and are the most proficient in your magick? How could you be a more seasoned warrior? How is it that you are still even are alive now?" Fracelan turned his back to the struggling prisoner, musing his questions to himself as he walked towards the fire. "What unnatural muscle you have twisted your body into, and wounds that would have felled a normal man seemed to have been shrugged off, it could be all due to the continued use of shadow magick, or what you Ijians call Arcana." A metal scraped open, and the grating to the furnace swung wide, resting against the stone wall containing the blaze. A long dagger was resting on a mount, hilt sticking out of the fire, blade resting within. Grabbing the wood hilt, Fracelan turned round from the furnace with a red-hot blade in his sickly white hand.
        Pulling at the reinforced chains randomly had little use and only cut into the flesh of Tavian's left hand. He hung by his wrists and feet, still pulling tightly at his binds but well aware of the madman wielding the dagger approaching him.
        "Those are just a few of the myriad of questions I have been pondering, and I do not have the patience to continue asking the same questions over and over like a fool. So for the time you waste, I will entertain myself listening to the sounds I will wring from the depths of your belly, or wherever else I'll savor splitting open. Speak or not, you will provide answers so that I understand how your kingdom's unnatural magicks works."
        It became more apparent to Tavian that his captor meant his eyes' irises, the serrated pattern of red over hazel. It was unknown even to him how his eyes were this way, but it made no difference to Fracelan who seemed to believe nothing but everything daemonic about him and the Shadow Knights he had already murdered. Whatever this maggot-brained dog of the empire seeks comes from he has already decided I am nothing but evil! "Oh, I will tell you, since your idiot emperor has shed so much innocent blood over nothing!" With a hoarse strain of his voice, Tavian shouted, then continued, staring down the tall man with the red hot blade in his hand, "We fight against the Underworld spawn, and what we know of them is widely unaccepted as mere lore, and we stay true to our oathes known to be only for the purpose of protecting others so that they may sleep peacefully without fear of creatures sneaking in their homes at night. I have seen and hunted down daemonic creatures known as myths, and we keep them just. Our common enemy is the threat of any creatures from beneath the surface of Caelutera, and Ijia's magick Shadow Knights as well as her Paladins keep their armies strong merely for that purpose. Your Legions of Peval on the other hand imprison and impoverish one kingdom after the next, and slaughter any resistance, now you turn your blood-blinded eyes to Ijia. How can you bastards of the empire make any sense of the killing you do?" He pulled his face away from the heat of the dagger as Fracelan held it out, taunting the words he spoke.
        Holding the blade close to Tavian's throat, Fracelan let his victim feel the heat of the knife for a harsh moment, to behold the imminent threat. "I know the tales spun of heroism that may trick one less clever as I into believing that such twisted magicks could be a nothing less than the result of dark dealings with the underworld. Whatever lies you believe or have indoctrined others into matter not. The clear fact is that what you and your knights are are unnatural beings in the eyes of God, and what wicked magicks you use perverse Caelutera." A grin crept across his pointed teeth, "Now, tell me it is wise to believe a man who swears on his wicked life to tell me nothing then blurts out the most base spun tale imaginable. End the lies, lad, and tell me what you and the other damnable Shadow Knights have done to aid the Underworld and their kin. I want to know more of how Ijia uses its Arcana magick, and need to see more of how your daemonic magick works. Tell me of the blood pacts your knights have made, and how your daemon masters make you stronger." He awaited answer, and the knife he held showed the bredth of his patience.
        The fearless glare from Tavian's red-hazel eyes froze still and cold as ice, "You would have to help me create the rest of that tale, since those facts exist not." Ignoring the heat from the blade close to his throat, his voice was slow and cool as he stared down the tall man. 
        With a widening grin of pointed teeth, Fracelan waved the red hot blade disapproving in front of Tavian's face, "An unwise descision, but nonetheless..." 
        The hot red pike before Tavian's face made his eyes wince and his neck gulp as the heated blade lowered, the heat held over his scarred chest, and he watched as a disturbing craze built in the inquisitor's dark eyes. The red-hot dagger pressed against his skin, cauterizing the flesh as the cut sizzled. Tavian braced against the chains in a strain to endure the pain, as the heated point of the sharp dagger cut against his chest, dragged to his right shoulder. He grunted and shifted in his binds as the knife burnt him, then a loud groan that withheld a ferocious yell as the madman sank the weapon deeper into his flesh, the excruciating pain writhed it, and he endured as a warrior would take a wound in battle, though it made the pain no different. 
        "Curse you!" Tavian shouted, and he looked away, turning a focus to the flames roaring in the furnace. The dagger was pulled out, yet he still felt the sharpness that had pierced his flesh and bones. The cool sting of his own cruor running down his side did not reduce his rage, and he attempted in the desperate moment to reach for the Fire Aether across the room. He invisioned the the furnace fires' in his mind, he wanted the wall to burst open in an inferno that would consume his captor.  Although the room's glow brightened and the flames billowed for a brief moment, even powerful enough causing Fraclan to turn his attention. But then the flames fluttered back to how they had been, and Tavian felt a burning sensation take over his body, and nearly choked on his breath as if consumed in flame for a moment. He felt as though his flesh were a melting candle, burning out of his skin, and he writhed in his chains, panting for breath. Reluctantly, yet none too quickly he pushed the thoughts of the fire out of his mind, releasing the aether from the grasp of his affinity, and in an instant the burning sensation ceased building, he knew he was no longer at a threat of suffering a further backlash. What remaining magickal residue of the spell felt like his skin had all but been singed off, but he was still alive, and if he truly felt what was happening to him he knew he would be dead.
        Turning halfway to carefully watch Tavian and the furnace return to normal, Fracelan glowered at the man recovering from the phantom pain. "That would be a sprung trap, if you will. A precaution for a creature of dangerous magicks, such as you, general."
        The Shadow Knight could barely stand to hear the disgusting man speak as Tavian began to understand his situation. I had conducted the wisps of darkness aether earlier, and when I felt that surge of strength it quickly depleted. As I tapped into the fire to use it to my will, the aether conduit seemed to reverse and fight back with burns as soon as I barely could tap into it! His thoughts trailed off, the burns from magickal trickery were not as severe as before, and indeed faded away. Thin wisps of smoke arose from the cuts where Tavian felt the burns' scathe the the most. He endured, and the pain of the heat ceased. "Curse you..." Tavian muttered, his voice rasped.
        The tall man stood with the red hot razor in his hand, and frowned at Tavian with disdain. "What fight you have in you. You were willing to even sustain burning yourself to ash, just to attempt in vain to, to," Tavian even noted a hint of surprise on the man's face. "to do harm to me."
        Tavian wheezed as he regained his breath, the smoke around him dissipating, and the burns a memory, he raised his head to meet with his captor. He pulled at the metal manacles on his wrists, wearing out his already weary muscles, and strained his neck thrusting his head forward, teeth grit, he heaved through them. "If these chains bound me not, I would paint the walls darker red with your blood, smash your skull to the stone, and besmear this chamber with your skinless flesh!" He growled through his grin of rage. "You're filth that can be assured, I would gladly die as a proud Shadow Knight, even just to harm you, even just enough to deform you so you could never do your sick acts on another living person again." He snarled, taking a deep satisfaction as he obviously had the tortuerer startled and on his toes. He'll let his guard down, and when he does I'll-
        As quick as a viper could swipe, a brutal backhand struck Tavian's face, his neck twisted to the side, and saw a momentary, dizzying flash of light. Tavian heaved his breath heavily, and ignored the pain, the disorientation, raised his head to levelly stare into the face of his captor. "Is that all you can muster? That could have been how hard your grandmother used to spank you as a boy?!" The Shadow Knight's red-hazel eyes were staring at the tall man as if he were meat ready to vivisect in piece meal, completely disregarding his binds. The taste of his own blood filling his mouth didn't help to dissuade those thoughts. Tavian felt like an chained, hungry animal that would act as such to this deserving pray given the chance.
        The tall inquisitor stood darkened by the roaring fire behind him. "Whatever you're trying to accomplish, I welcome you to tire yourself trying." A displeased snarl twisted the leathery lips on Fracelan's pale, shaven face. "You, the propagator of your wicked knights, whatever magicks you instilled in them, whatever magicks are within you, that is more than quelled and controlled. You seem to think yourself in power, still in command of your knights, and please delude yourself that you are actually in a battle you can win." He looked at Tavian, chained and stripped as a creature less than human, and with what seemed with a reassured nerve that his captive was indeed secured, he raised his red hot knife once more. "Indeed, you have lost. Your pagan home is wounded, and the Kingdom of Ijia and her black magick knights shall fall. Now, we were talking of-" As bloody saliva spat into his eyes, Fracelan's words interrupted, replaced with a gasp and a short, yet loud, indignant growl. 
        The sound replacing the echo in the small chamber was Tavian's mocking chuckle, his red-hazel eyes captor with contempt and belittlement. "We were talking of how much you cried as a boy, and how now, you're naught but a sniveling little torturesome coward!" Tavian had his gaze readied to meet with Fracelan's as soon as he had finished struggling to wipe out his eyes, and he wanted the blinded man to hear his chiding, spiteful laughs.
        The tall man had some trouble wiping his eyes out on his coat, the only clean spaces were his shoulders, and that did not suffice, apparently. The inquisitor's idnignant groan turned into a flurry of furious curses, muttered in a barely coherent low roar after his failed tries at cleaning out his eyes with the bloody backs of his glove, an effortful act in vain. He endeavored digging his leathern fingers into the corners of his eyes, another mistake making his vision worse than it already was before. He gripped one gloved hand with the fingers of the other holding the knife, and peeled off the leather wrapped around his pale skin. Dropping the bloody glove to the floor with his knife wielding hand, he used his bare hand to wipe some of the blood and spit from his sight, and in minimal vision, caught glimpse of the open water casque in the corner. He rushed over to it as soon as he remembered it was there, and scooped a handful of water to splash into his eyes, and another, whilst his curses and mutterings cooled. 
        Tavian knew his rouse to intensify the animosity between him and his captor deftly brought him the results he wanted when Fracelan turned to him, gnashing his pointed teeth at him making a beastly growl, coming from well beyond contempt. 
        The inquisitor's clawed at lids split wide revealing his veiny reddened eyes, bulging from his skull with seething rancor focused straight into Tavian's sight. He raised the knife with his gloved hand, now glowing a dull orange but still hot enough to sear through flesh nonetheless, and threatened it outwards to Tavian, ready to strike. Then Fracelan's gnashing teeth stopped thoughtfully, and his leathery lips twisted into a grit smile, something clever had crossed his mind. "Nay, I shall take my time with you, to ensure you learn a harsh lesson before I make you beg for death. You'll wish I had ended your life here and now!" He said, raising his bare hand in a fist to strike.
        Tavian's bared teeth, having making fool smiles and laughter full of scorn to his blinded captor moments before, now opened like a sprung trap readied for a feral beast. The knight lunged out to meet with Fracelan's fist, and sank his teeth deep into the flesh of his captor's hand. Tavian had a firm, relentless grip of Fracelan's hand in his teeth, and would not stop, sinking his bite in deeper. The man's blood filling his mouth, the screams he made, nor how he struggled to pull his hand free stopped the chained man pushed to his limits from ceasing his desperate attack.
        Pulling his hand away did naught to free himself from the chained man's bite, and as Fracelan's own blood gushed down his struggling arm, the teeth tore deeper into his flesh. The excruciating pain grew as agonizingly as his sinew snapped and bones broke, and in panicked desperation, he stabbed with the dagger from his gloved hand. Burying the blade into Tavian’s ribcage, red cruor burst forth with every strike, splattering across the knight as well as as the inquisitor as he repetatively stabbed the bound man in his torso and chest with voracious, fervent strikes in quick succession. "LET. ME. GO!" Fracelan shouted with the last three strikes that left Tavian's scarred body a riddled mess of wounds that blood ceaselessly flowed and dripped from.
        As the strikes to his lungs and organs tore his flesh, Tavian kept his grip strong with his final drifting thoughts brought about by the loss of blood and shock. His body went completely ragged, his eyes rolled, and his neck went limp, his head downcast as the knight slowly died, teeth still in hold on Fracelan's flesh, defiant even in his own death.
        Throwing the knife to the ground, the last bit of the blade's heat sizzled with the damp blood on the floor. Fracelan grabbed Tavian's lifeless face, and wedged his gloved hand between his teeth, and pried his jaws open, an with a wince and loud yelp of pain, he pulled out his deformed hand. Blood poured in a long rustic stream from Tavian's mouth, as well as from his own wound down his arm. He held up his hand and grabbed it with the other, nursing in vain his wound that left a raw chuck of flesh hanging by skin, his bone bitten through and pointed, tendons and blood vessels that well never heal back together. His hand was completely ruined, and he stared at the bite marks in his flesh, and back to Tavian's body with a sort of hatred that he could only realize now, after his victim was dead and he was deformed. Rage filled his soul, then the pain of his wound chided him, and he let out a resounding wail in frustration. "Curse you! God damn it all, you bastard!" He screamed with strained scorn at the dead man.
        Straining himself reminded him of the open wound, as the pain stabbed up his arm, he realized he had to continue his duties as is. He hobbled to a chair near his table of favorite cruel devices, and muttered curses as he rest his wounded hand on the table, and with the other grabbed a small metal box from the floor and placed it on the table. Opening the latch with his gloved fingers, he opened up a box with strips of thick cloth bandages, and grabbed one. He forced himself to place a hanging piece of flesh back to where it was on his lower palm, and wrapped, disfigured flesh back into place, staunching the bloodflow and cursing and wincing at the pain at every moment. "Damned fool!" He breathed faster and faster to the point he would hyperventilate, "I have learned barely anything useful of their magicks, nor their accursed kingdom! Every one of these Ijian knights had been," he looked over to Tavian's bleeding corpse hanging by chains to the wall and took his eyes off the sight immediately, "vicious, savages with pagan beliefs that make them more animal than human! What else is there to know!? Ouch, damn it!" He yelped as he tightened the bandage, stopping the bleeding but doing nothing for the excruciating pain, he felt as though he would nearly pass out as he dressed his wound. He grit his gnashed teeth, and growled in agony as he wrapped the bandage tighter, tears of pain streamed down his bloody face. "Eyes curse you!" he muttered as he had at last wrapped it tight enough to stop the blood flow to his mangled hand.
        Fracelan sat quietly for a moment, taking in what had happened in his chamber he fondly called The Furnace, the man he had just slain a bloody reminder of his failure hung on the wall, a man covered in more fresh blood and open wounds than flesh. "The leader of the Shadow Knights, pfah!" he spat on the ground, "I learned nothing, and their leader is undone. What further harm could Ijia's army pose to us?" the inquisitor shook his head, "Nay, that will not be a satisfactory report to tell... him." He shivered at the thought, and then looked around the room glowing in orange fire, burning from a metallic grating in the wall. The hanging corpse reflected of the light, and Fracelan could not stand the sight of his falure any longer.
        "I've learned all I can, I suppose it would be waste of time to dwell on what I can not change." He stood, and made his way around the table, through a sticky puddle of blood in his boots, to the bloody body bound by the wrists and ankles. "I still have work for the Great Empire to do, I'll take this to the morgue, I suppose." He stared at the dead man, full of fight and fury moments ago, now mere vacant eyes staring at the floor, head and limbs lifeless. "You will be the cause of more problems harsher still for me, but I shall survive. As for you, friend," He grabbed his ring of keys from his coat poke, and with a click, unlocked the metal manacles around the corpse's ankles, then one wrist, the man hung by his steel gauntlet. The inquisitor frowned thoughtfully at the man's metal gauntlet he only wore on his right hand as he unlocked the manacle over it. "Who knows what you were." He said to the corpse as the body fell limp and ragged as a cloth doll to the puddles of blood on the ground. 
        Looking down at the naked body on the floor, Fracelan almost felt bad for the man he had just slain, even worse that he died withholding valuable enemy secrets he was supposed to learn. "Fortunes be tough all round, aye?" He said as he knelt down to grab the corpse by the legs. 
        With invisible strength, Tavian reached for the knife in the puddle of blood with his gauntleted hand. In a quick motion, he swiped the blade in a clean slice through Fracelan's bootheel, severing the man's Achilles' tendon.
        Letting out a yelp from the unexpected strike, Fracelan fell backwards, slamming his head against his workplace with the torture devices and bandage box, toppling the table and everything atop it over. Knives, screws and clean bandages  soaking up old blood littered the floor, Fracelan stared at the moving corpse in horror as he could only crawl backwards on one hand and one foot, slipping with every step against the blood slicked floor.
        Laying flat, Tavian bent his knees inwards, placing his feet beneath his back. Then he began to straighten out his legs, rising up completely pivoting on his knees with his back out, completely bent as if he were in a limbo. His blood drenched torso and chest rose upright, and then crowned with Tavian's head, centered with a pair of half open eyes, full of glowing bright red that bore into the inquisitor on the floor beneath him.
        "How?!" Fracelan shouted as he tried to crawl back to little avail, slipping in the blood and trying to get around the toppled table. "How in hell do you still live?!" He gazed up in disbelief and doom at the man with eyes of firelight above him, and raised his bandaged hand, quivering. 
        As Tavian reacclaimated to standing upright, he also felt he was in another state of mind, one full of aether, magick power ready to be used. The strength he could feel surging in his body surprised him, for he looked down at his torn apart body, he knew he was not standing alive by any normal means. He became very aware of his wounds even though he could not feel the pain, and as soon as the thought came to his mind, the blood stopped trickling from his body. The dripping cruor slowed, and dried into thick scabs in bruised patches over Tavian's body, and smoothed over. All his open wounds closed and puckered skin dissolved, leaving only lighter colored cuts of scar tissue, adding to riddles of battle scars already covering Tavian's chest and torso. He felt his lungs made whole, able to draw breath once again, and to his surprise, suddenly noticed the pulse of his heart beat return. He looked down at the man slipping on the floor, backed up against the toppled table, and even still squirming away. "It was death's release," Tavian opened his glowing red eyes fully, and stared down at the inquisitor, befitting his place crawling on the floor. "that freed my mind from the curse you placed on my aethermancy." An ingratiating grin crept across his face to meet with the dumbstruck look Fracelan returned to the man ressurected before him. He took a single step towards the man on the floor, "How now, might you answer questions of my own, inquisitor." He took another step forward, red eyes still locked. "Such as... what is your life worth to you, and if I should I spare it?"
        "Wicked beast!" Holding up his bandaged hand defensively as Fracelan slid back, slipping through blood on his unwounded hand and foot, making his way around the table. "You stay back!" he said as he kicked aggressively, gradually making his way away against the slick blood puddles. He let out a yelp feeling a sharpness, and pulled his crawling hand up in bated shock. A cut straight through his glove from one of the scattered knives strewn about stopped him from going back any further, and Fracelan looked back over his shoulder to the roaring furnace, all his his fond devices strewn in a firelit path behind him. He realized if that crawling back any futher he'd shred himself on his own devices. "Back with your daemon magicks, I say!" He sat leant on his elbow, holding his bloody hands up.
        As Tavian took another step forward to stand over the squirming torturesome man below him. "You have assumed so much of my magicks, even while you knew so little." He looked around the room, pausing time to time as if to hear some sort of quiet conversation. "Well, you did bring me here to learn of what it is that your empire so feared of my nation Ijia." Then his glowing red eyes averted back to the man on the floor, the gaze itself giving him a jolt. A smirk knowing of the disabled man's harmlessness crossed Tavian's bloody lips, and then to further show he had pacified the man, the knight extended his gauntleted hand in an act of chivalry. "You have yet still to see what magicks the leader of the Shadow Knights is capable of, aye?"
        Taken completely by surprise, Fracelan looked at the man's outreached metal hand with wide-eyed fear as if the gauntlet were an open fanged addler. The inquisitor pulled his bandaged hand back and looked up at Tavian, clearly untrusting of the man with glowing red eyes that was supposed to be his captive. But when he looked around him, the floor was covered in sharp objects and indeed he was too injured to escape either way. "What are you going to do?!"
        Distract as if his attention was turned elsewhere, Tavian looked side to side, "The Aether in this room," his red-hazel eyes searched past the glowing light bore from them. "It swells nearly out of control. The sheer amount of human energies released in this room..." The man trailed off distract, staring intently at something on the wall at eye level, barely still aware he stood over someone who had just posed a threat to him. 
        Unsure what possible intentions the man with glowing eyes could be thinking, his response was breathy and hesitant. "Wh-what is it that you see?" Fracelan could not help but ask inquisitively. 
        "I am able to not only see..." Tavian paused, wincing slightly as if he were in the middle of trying to pay attention to hear something out. "I can hear it."
        Looking around him, Fracelan strained to hear nothing but the low growls of air eaten by the furnace flames. "Hear what? How?" He asked with his insatiable curiosity.
        A slight grin swept across Tavian's face and bloody teeth, once again ingratiated by the inquisitor's cooperation. He once more reached out his metallic hand. "The pinnacle of magickal wisdom, wrought from aethermancy techniques only I have the knowledge of, or the skill to use." He nodded knowingly to meet with the man's skeptic looks, keeping his hand outreached. 
        Fracelan looked at the gauntleted hand still with uncertainty, and at Tavian, and at his own wounds and what had become of his chamber. It was his duty to question those taken to him, and failure was only realized when his victims would die before he could learn anything of use. He had failed, letting the most valuable source of information trick him, being outwitted into killing the man, and allowing him to think he was dead just to escape his bindings, even injuring his captor so he could heal his own wounds. Even after this, the man had survived with the power of his magicks, and whatever state of mind he was in, he seemed to be willing to share his knowledge. After struggling so much to get any info out of this prisoner, to only fail and consign himself to inevitable punishment, could this be a sign of redemption? This man brought back to life could be a second chance to complete his job and forego reprimand? What possible reason would this man have to share his secrets, after he as already freed? But, if this is indeed his second chance... could he not afford to lose the opportunity to see what ultimate secrets this man knew. Only after he but merely took the man by his metallic hand, he would see and hear this knowledge? Gulping hard, Fracelan mustered the strength to keep talking to the man who had overpowered him. "You tell me, what is it exactly you are going to do?"
        "Inquisitor, if you but take hold, I shall allow aid to your eyes and ears to but witness the workings of my magicks, and learn the secrets I speak of revealed for yourself first hand." Tavian moved not his outstretched hand, and waited for the man's reply patiently.
        Staring at the metallic hand before him, Fracelan raised his quivering bandaged hand, and reluctantly reached it out.
        His gauntleted fingers wrapped around the man's shaking wrist, and Tavian held it fast in an icy metalic grip. His grip tightened, the blood painted grin stretched his face nearly to a split. The red light emitting from his eyes swelled brightly, and the glow expanded around his entire head, then his entire body.
        Before Fracelan's eyes, the red light had taken over his entire Furnace, and even combined with the fire's glaring orange light. What seemed would be blindingly bright did not harm his eyes at all, yet with all the light in the room it was difficult to see much of anything. He could feel more than see the gauntlet holding him by the wrist, he could barely even make out the blurred shining metal in the light. While he strained his eyes to make out some sort of images in the brightness, his neck twisted searching in fear as a gutteral howl filled his ears. The sound itself was not what chilled him, but the familiarity of the voice. The sound was too strained to recognize, but somehow, he did, like a distant unforgetable memory. The howl silenced, and Fracelan searched around the light for where it came from. "What is this!? What vile magicks are you-" Another howl resonated, echoing the walls with a wail that cowed the inquisitor, grating against his ears, trying to deafen him like metal dulling to stone. "Stop this!" He shouted, his own voice barely audiable over the sounds of screaming filling his head. The voice stopped, then started again, as if had taken another breath, and he searched among the red light, and could see nothing but. He pulled his hand away from Tavian's metallic grip, he might as well as been trying to remove his wrist from an invisible block of solid ice. "I have seen and heard enough! End this at once and I will," he stuttered over his pleading words as he listened to the sounds of anguish over and over nervously, "I-I will let you go free!" He pulled at his hand again to no avail. 
        "Inquisitor," Tavian's voice broke through the din of dischorded voices, and all was silent but his voice and the faint roar of fire.
        He jolted and turned his sweat drenched face, dark, beady eyes searched for the prisoner holding him from within an aura of effulgent light. "Release me at once!" He shouted at the red void.
        Amid all the red, two eyes glowed white with light, "I am afraid I can not." Tavian's voice darkened and deepened, then he became visible as a dark shadow with eyes of fire within the abyss of light. "There are many present who wish..." Around him, conical plumes of shadowy mist formed, the red light turned black as if burnt, "nay, compel me to show you, so that you may bear witness."
        The wisps of dark aether spun into a vortex, thin lines of light extended within its edges, and bulged back in as depth began to form. A tunnel of light stretched down an impossible distance, past the boundries of the chamber walls, silhouetting the shadow of the knight standing at its threshold.
        Fracelan's already sickly pale face took on an even whiter shade, and the air he had gasped to shout with froze in his throat. Out of the spinning tunnel of light, there stood an army of the dead he had slain.






Aluce 
        
        
        
screams and shadows
faces made of fire
illusiary fists and teeth of flame
        


        




Tavian throws the bandage off his head, for his headwound is healed. He tears it off and throws it to the ground, and ends the nightmare. Symbolism!


























"i wonder if the guards you are screaming for could differenciate from any other sound coming from this chamber"
        








        
        
        


        
        












        “Be silent.” Tavian said, then he outreached his gauntleted hand.
Fracelan was confused by this act, but he grabbed Tavian’s hand and stood up, limping, then he quickly slammed Tavian’s hand onto the table and took one of the knives and stabbed it through the gauntlet and into the wooden table, he then stumbled backwards into his chair. 
Tavian seemed unphased by this new wound and pulled the dagger out with ease. “Nice try,” he held up his gauntlet and looked at Fracelan through the new hole in it “... but I am more than just flesh.” Fracelan looked up in terror and yelled “What the hell are you?!”
        With his steel hand, Tavian grabbed Fracelan by the throat and slammed his head into the fiery hearth. Fracelan struggled to get out of Tavian’s steel grip, but he could only scream into the flames as his flesh seared off and eyes melted. 
        The sounds stopped and Fracelan ceased struggling; his body fell limp and lifeless. Tavian pull the head out and dropped the blackened skull still attached to the fleshy body to the ground. He leaned over to the melted ear and he said in a dark voice “... I am a Shadow Knight.”




        Tavian walked over to the water cask and filled the bucket then poured it over his body to wash off the blood. He grabbed his jerkin and trousers and clothed himself, and then he took one of the dirks and the ring of keys on Fracelan’s body. He walked to the large door and opened it with a loud creak, then slammed it shut and ended the nightmare. 




















 the gauntlet, magick, shadow knight magick, can only heal, fracelan asking tavian about daemonic magick with the hopes that he is one, for fracelan is slightly using daemonic magick too, and seeking more of the power.


When Fracelan uses the metal box to heal himself, he remarks thoughts about how he had only ever used the bandage box to keep people alive he needed info from, never on his own wounds. He usually can keep people alive being careful, and using bandages if need be, but he was pressued by Ozwyn to keep going until the man before Tavian died. He thought of using the box to save him, but did not at Ozwyn's command.
        III.3 The Escape


        The


        III.4 Diame Night


        In drifting quiet, Diame found herself standing alone in her white ceremonial robes and gold circlet surrounded by the tall grass of the wide open field, dimly lit by dusk darkened sky. In the billowing dark clouds above, streaks of fire lit around a shadowed image, a large creature with long horns protruding from a beastly body. The priestess realized with a chill of terror it must be the daemon seen from her visions, flying across the sky again and again, looming over her and the world below. No matter where it lurched to in the distance or where it turned, the creature of shadows seemed to keep its head turned, focusing completely on Diame. She felt a sort of fear, an instinct telling her to run, and her bare feet took off, the skirts of her robe whisking through the grass. To her surprise, the creature was there always before her as soon as she picked a direction, stalking in the clouds of fire. She turned sharply to the east, and the daemon swooped to the side, engulfing that horizon as well. Even though she did not realize what was happening, she did not stop, and kept running will all her might, all she could do. A jet of fire burst from where the mouth of the shadowed beast would be, and the violent glow grew into a pillar of flame, aimed down at Diame. She had to keep running. She turned around, heading west, and still, the daemon revolved as she turned in the fire-lit clouds above, leaving orange streaks of flame across the sky in its wake. Even though it was before her now, she still felt compelled to run. The daemon in the distance billowed the flames, and the falling spiral of burning light stretched and encircled every horizon around Diame, the grass in the distance catching fire, quickly drawing nearer, and even faster as she ran. The field was completely a blaze of red raging flames, and with all the heat of the air she might as well been breathing hot ash. She never stopped running, though, yet thoughts crossed her mind, pleasant thoughts of cold Tevan mist, or a snow storm, even as all was fire around her. She ran until the engulfing heat swallowed her whole, and all the burning light turned darkness.
        
        A cool breeze stirred around her, and the chill in the air woke Diame with a shiver. She could vaguely remember some sort of dream she was having after nodding off some time ago. To her surprise, from when she had gotten into the merchant's cart some time in the late morning, to awakening just now as the sun had just set. She did remember waking time to time to see the path still moving behind her and the sound of Shul's speaking fondly of his work and family, and she supposed she had nodded off from time to time.
        Shul was still dutifully at the reins of the small cart, and the ass still towing the squeaky wooden wheels, while the apple on string towed the animal. Diame took notice of the drastic changes in scenery, it was quite dark where she was, as more trees surrounded them on all sides, and the path lead on to where a forest began. The sky above was dark and void of almost all sunlight, a slight glow to the west showed where the sun had just set. By now, she figured she must have traveled twice as far by cart as she could have walked on her own, and she wasn't even the least bit exhausted, she felt over rested even, although the constant jerking and pull of the cart had left her rump only somewhat sore. Coming all this way so swiftly, Diame had thanks to Shul for letting her hitch a ride, she would repay her gratitude to the man sometime in the future.
        Shifting against the lumpy sack of produce, Diame stretched out her arms and stifled a yawn with her fist, then with another chill of the cold night, covered her head and curls of red tighter in the warmth of her blue cloak. I wonder where we could be? For all the lack of light, I pray I am near Ijia, or nearer to an Inn. From what she could tell in the dark, they weren't in the wide open field, but surrounded by broken up copses of looming trees that grew thicker as they traveled down the unseen road before them. A very unfamiliar place to her indeed, she decided it was time to ask where they were, and leant forward to speak softly, "Master Shul?"
        Jumping only a tiny bit, Shul looked over his shoulder as if he had forgotten Diame was in his cart. "Aye, mi'lady?" he could be smiling his gap-filled grin at her, but it was too dark to see, espcially under his straw hat at night. "Di' ye rest well, Mistress Delandra?" He turned back to face the road, steering the mule down the road that weaved between the low boughs of maple trees' dewey leaves. "Ye were ou' fer a while, aye. W' crossed the flat grasslands an' continued the trail north. Jus' now enterin' the southern outskirts of the Crow's Forest, t'at crosses right through th' mountain ranges, bu', we won't be passin' through t'night." 
        Another turn around a thick copse of maple tree leaves broke up a dim glow of some sort of light. As the cart made a full turn in the road, a well lit two-storied cabin planted in the road crept into vision out of the trees. Spilled light from its windows illuminated the dark path, and just enough light brightened a painted sign hanging from the building, a nest with blue eggs that had a dark bird landing in it, the sign simply read "The Travelers' Roost Inn."
        With a pull at the reins, Shul slowed the mule down, and directed it to a nearby wooden stables where a few horses had their reins looped over pegs beneath a slanted roof, and nearby a troth of water. After they had stopped Shul lowered the back hatch, and began to speak of how he always stopped at this Inn, and how a noblelady would find it quite accomidating. "You go on in 'n get yerself a room 'n' some mead, Mi'Lady Delandra. I 'ave a few businesses to take care of b'fore we pass the forest in the morrow." Shul swung out of his cart, and retracted the pole carrying the apple, lowering it within reach of the mule, and the animal excitedly began chomping large bites out of his crisp and sweet reward.
        With a hop out of the cart, Diame's legs were stiff from the ride, but atleast not sore with walking. She approached Shul while he was rummaging around his bags in the cart and gave him a formal bow, "You have my greatest thanks for your kindness, sir."
        Shaking his head fervently, he looked embarrased he was being bowed to, "Nay, nay, Mistress, 'tis no matter. Pray, take a rest, the Roost is kind t' new faces, especially one as pretty as yers." As Shul gave her a kind gap-toothed smile, Diame returned the gesture and made her way down the worn, earthy path to the door of the storied cabin, movements of people within the brightly lit windows showed the inn had a fair amount of patrons.
        Opening the heavy door, the sonorous sound of harpstrings plucked quietly accompaniec by the clamor of murmored conversations. Many dressed in simple countryside clothes were seated at a table, each with a drink and engaged with company seated next to them as if well known. Diame lowered her hood as she entered, she didn't need a new face causing a stir, and rest on her walking staff as she looked around the interior for a place to sit among the patrons. An empty booth was nearby a small table occupied by men each distracted with their goblets held up and with their eyes on the maiden songtress playing the small lyre. Diame made her way around the tavern and serving girls with trays of wine and food nodding to her and motioning in welcome, moving aside to let her seat herself wherever she liked.
        A vacant booth by a window that could have seated four or five people was in a quiet corner, and Diame sat, laying her staff to rest against the wall and sat her bag beside her. The table held a lantern in a brass holder, the flame's light reflected in the window, the darkness of the outside remained unseen.
        A serving lass with brown hair near Diame's age came to her, and spoke just loud enough to be heard over the tavern's music and talk. "Fortunate you made it to the Roost just after sundown, mi'lady. I take it you'd like a room and dinner sup?"
        Once she was told what was on the menu ranging from beef mutton to pork livers, Diame decided the forest greens soup was the most appetizing, and least expensive. She brought very little money with her, but it would suffice for the rest of her travels. She didn't have much time to prepare too much on her sudden take of leave, and certainly the guilt of breaking the  oathes to stay within Teva was weighing on her mind. She let out a long sigh. Even though my legs did not have to travel too far, I should settle my restless thoughts, I still have a long ways to go and I do not need to burden my mind further. The message I have to deliver is burdensome enough. She sighed again as she sat back in her seat, and opened up her bag, laying out the leather wrap holding the old map of the region. The yellow flower fell out onto the table, and Diame smiled as she picked it back up, placing it back in her bag. I am here to protect Teva. I will not forget that. 
        Pouring over the map lit brightly by the nearby lantern light, Diame took her time tracing the path down from the mountains of Teva to the road she traveled in the lower fields. She found about where she stopped Shul to give her a ride, and followed the path that lead straight to the Crow's Forest, inlaid between the rockface mountains. The terrain of the forest was drawn small, and she found the road she was on and about where the inn she was in would be. Diame was surprised that the soup she had ordered was already on the table along with water in blue colored glass by the time she had looked up from the map. "I guess I could pinpoint where I am, but it makes nary a difference if I am not traveling any more for the evening." She decided as she folded the map up back into her bags, and folded her hood back over her shoulders, letting her curls of red hair down her back. She found her appitite had returned to her, and she sipped the first spoonful of the savory bright green soup.
        The harmonious lyrestrings slowed into loud trills, and the songstress sang the last few words of the song, ending a story Diame was half listening to about a lass's lost love at sea. The fair haired lass leant over her golden skirts to place her lyre on its case near where she was seated herself before the inn crowd, then took her bow for applause, then enjoyed a sip of her wine goblet. She began at the strings singing anew, this time a fast paced song that could have been a reel if accompanied by a band of fiddlers.
        Only a few of the patrons got up to dance as the lively lyre resonated through the inn's large dining room. Though some kept seated to eat, and with faces hidden in their drinks, yet still tapping their feet to the beat. Diame took pleasure in the melody as well as she sipped on peppered vegetable soup, finding it quite palpable, as well as the jollity of the atmosphere. She was reminded of Alura's songs on holidays to liven the festivities with such songs of good cheer, and Teva's parade grounds would be full of the whole village on torch lit nights under the stars. I wonder if Teva is alright? I am the one responsible for the years' successful harvests, will they have another feastday if I do not return? She shook her head, finishing the last spoon of her soup, and tried to calmly sip from her waterglass. I need to focus on what is importand and why I am here. I know what I have seen chilled my nerves, and I must not entertain such thoughts. I will return to Teva once I have made certain the Church is aware of what I have foreseen, and that will be done tomorrow, and none too soon. She stared at the clear, bubbled glass holding her drink of water, and took in the music and dancing in the room. I shall let my mind rest for now, for there is much jollity to lose one's self in and repose the spirit. I shall partake by merely watching. Sitting back in the wooden booth contentedly, she immersed herself in the lively song and dance of the small crowd in the tavern.
        Beyond the heads and mixed faces of the country people at the table near her, men who were silent with their faces hidden in their drinks surfaced. The low trills of the young songstress' lyre harmonically added to lyrics of well known Ijian military jody, a humorous tale of a soldier returning early from a far off outpost to find out his love had been proposed to by three other men of noble stature, and she had not told any of them she was already taken.
        With rolling eyes, finding little amusement in the sultry tone of the song, Diame took in the entirity of the inn's bar room. Near the back walls where she sat in her booth, an open doorway into the kitchen revealed a dark haired women in an apron tight around her plump sides. She fervently stirred a long wooden spoon in a large iron pot while other aproned servent girls were in a hurry filling bowls with soup and plates with meat and potatoes, carrying them into the crowded room with glass goblets full of water and wine. She wondered how the restaurant kept so well stocked with food and how it could bring in so much business in the middle of a forest, but she figured there must be many a hungry traveler on these roads late at night, such as she and Shul. 
        Looking at the consumed bowl of soup, Diame wondered if any of the hearty vegetables in her stomach were traded from Tevan farms. It wouldn't be unlikely, since this is a well traveled road for trade, and most of the bar's patrons looked like they were constant travelers.
        The young songstress reached a part of her song's story of how the soldier would teach his love a lesson by sending her suitors all letters of agreement. In the morning, the soldier waited amongst the crowd of the three men's families in the village church, all upset with no bride in sight, causing a fair amount of commotion. While nearly the whole village waited for the fair maiden, the three would-be grooms argued amongst themselves, each claiming over and over that he was the one whom she had rightfully given her hand to. Hours of arguing passed, all the while, the soldier entertaining himself thoroughly. The scene grew so ridiculous, he was unable to contain his mischievious laughter any longer, and burst out in a raucous fit of chuckling that deafened all other sound in the church. He stood before the hateful eyes of the three noblemen and scandelized crowd, and with a grin, proclamed the three men fools for this display over the same woman. As he turned to leave through the big church doors, they opened to his love, who had come to light a candle in prayer for the soldier stationed far away, unbeknownst of a sudden wedding. When she saw the scene before her, the soldier returned, her three suitors at the altar looking displeased to say the least, and nearly the entire town, she had the look as if she would faint, but instead ran as fast as the wind as the three noblemen chased her, all professing their undying love in competition to one another. The tale ended with the soldier having an ale at his home tavern with a buxom lass by his side, and his lost love wrote a story about three husbands sharing one bride.
        As the last trills of the lyre finished the tale, many in the tavern scoffed and chuckled, and some where heartily cheering and applauding. Diame smirked and began snickering herself. "What an utter farce!" She giggled. Though he could have confronted her like an honest man for her infidelity, but I suppose that would defeat the purpose of the song. Indeed, she earned her just deserts I suppose. I haven't heard these kinds of songs sung by Alura before, I wonder if they would pass well in Teva? She giggled even more to herself, knowing full well that such a song would right be the talk of the small town for weeks, and not necessarily in a positive way. The tavern was indeed much livelier, if anything, Diame did not hear any of the ongoing conversations around her resume without added chuckles. 
        The young songstress in her plain dress sat on her barstool as if it were a throne of pure satisfaction meeting with the smiles of the patrons. Diame caught the lass catching a nod of approval from a stocky man with a dark beard behind the counter of the bar, and she placed her lyre to rest on its case, and grabbed a nearby bottle of wine and refilled her own glass, able to rest herself.
        Smiling in admiration, Diame took a breath wistfully, imagining what life would be like as an entertainer. Certainly living freely would be a lot simpler and less dutiful. How hard is it to strum a few strings and tell a tale anyhow? 
        Just then, the tavern door opened, and Shul entered as he took of his straw hat. As he was dressed, he seemed to fit in among the road worn crowd. He made large turns of his head, searching.
        Diame motioned with a wave to him, and his eyes turned, and with a visable sign of relief. "The man must be even more tired that I. I wonder what kept him?" She motioned him to sit at her booth as he made his way hurriedly to her through the tavern crowd.
        "Oh, 'ere ye be, Mistress Delandra, err, how fares ye? 'Ave ya 'ad a naice 'ot meal 'nd 'ad a room readied yet, ma'am?" Shul said, his voice shakey with fatigue.
        "You are so kind to show such concern for my well being, Master Shul." Diame motioned to the seat across the booth's table. "Won't you please join me, surely you'd like some food for yourself?"
        Before she could finish her sentance he threw his rough hewn hands up in protest. "Oh, nay, ma'am, I shan't be seen sharing a table with, err, a lady of such high stature as yerself. Simply will not do for ye to be seen conversin' with me. I'll take me meal outside to talk with Betsy. Th' ass may not look like much of an animal, she 'as good ears." 
        Does he speak of his mule? She wondered. Before she could respond, a burst of laughter at a nearby table caught Diame's attention. The young songstress was there, chatting with a group of gentlemen who all looked as though they were enjoying their fair share of the beer as well as the entertainment. She turned back to Shul and motioned once more. "Oh, nonsense! The songstress is singing merry songs, and many are partaking in drink." Shul seemed reluctant, he genuinely seemed like he did not want to intrude on her. This polite man has done so much for me, he doesn't need to feel like he can't be seen with me. "We've sat together all day, I feel like I've barely gotten the chance to talk to you face to face. Please, sir? I do have some questions of where we are and when we will leave tomorrow as well..."
        Weighted with what seemed like the man realized he could finally take a break, Shul at last sat down before Diame, wringing at his hat and glancing over his shoulders. "Well, aye, I just needed to tend to something really quickly, you see," He glanced over his shoulders again, and the bar door opened yet again, and his eyes widened, as if reminded of something. "Oh! Aye, I did have something to give ye, ma'am." He looked back at her, and dug through his trouser pockets, "Uh, somewhere around here, uh, oh bloody-, I just put it-,"
        "A gift? I couldn't possibly accept something after all you've done already." Diame protested in disbelief as she watched the man hurriedly rifle through himself. The bar door closed with a slam as a new patron entered, her attention swept to a man with his back turned, talking to the bearded man at the bar. He wore a long black coat and an odd shaped top hat, with cropped dark hair, he looked very formal. The man at the bar looked at him very grimly, nodding his head and muttering agreeing words, and quickly sent orders to some serving girls, and they, too, hurried to do whatever it was the man in the black coat asked. He sat at the bar. That man looks important, but he looks as though he commands a lot of authority wherever he goes. He looks quite intimidating, actually.
        "H-here!" Shul dug out of his front coat pocket a large silver coin, the size of his palm. The bird with a sword and shield in each talon etched on the surface glimmered in the faint light of the table lamp. The symbol of Ijian currency.
        Diame's mouth opened with a gasp, and she gathered  her wits and shook her head, "Master Shul, I believe I have enough coin on me to pay for my meal and, I think I can afford a small room with what I have. I couldn't possibly accept-."
        "Now, now... Nary a reason to get so excited over it."  Shul stared at the coin uncertainly, then back at her, looking almost worried that she wouldn't take his gift. "I have a, uh, special tab here." He gulped. "On long travels, me boss will let me use the room for nobles here, he's a kind hearted trader that would reinburse me. I've worked for him for years you see, so don't you mind taking Shul's room, I have me own, next to Betsy. Uh, nevermind about that. By the by," Placing the heavy coin down with a metal clank, he slid the silver emblem of Ijia half way across the table, "the point is I have me own room, and this is meant to be for ye." Shul's dark eyes widened with endearment, and widened his gap-toothed smile, and holding his hat up to his heart.
        Is this something I could possibly take from this man?  Diame's smiled awkwardly to meet with Shul's, and it was indeed plausable this man was merely trying to be kind hearted, to let a noble woman to take his room in his stead. But, that would be taking far too much of an advantage of this man. I have done so enough being on his cart. She shook her head. "The simple answer is nay, Master Shul." 
        What look of happiness on the man's face was replaced with shock, then pleadingly, he stammered, seemingly to think of more words to convince her. 
        "I appreciate everything you've done so far, truly I do. Thank you for taking me here, I just need to know when we might leave in the morning to Ijia..." Diame spoke over his stammered pleading, and eyed the silver coin dubiously. She didn't quite know how to take this anymore, and reached for her staff and bag. "Um, I think I may just take my room now, and leave early to walk the rest of the way, if the forest's weather is fair."
        Shul's eyes bulged out of his head, and he shook his head and softened his gaze, then began to chuckle light heartedly, and then he ceased when Diame stood. "Uh, Mistress Delandra, wait, please," 
        "And why should I?" She turned to Shul, "You keep insisting on paying me to sleep in your room tonight, but I have already said nay!" 
        A few heads turned of the patrons at the nearby table, then looked at Shul, scandalized.  
        Shul's jaw dropped at what she was insinuating, be it intentional or not, then he brinked and gasped further in surprise to a man walking up to them.
        To Diame's surprise as well, the nobleman dressed in black just finished his last stride across the crowded room to her and Shul's table. He stood tall, a hand resting on a black wooden cane with a gold grinning monkey head atop it. With a swoop of his hand, he lowered his hat, revealing the cleanly shaven face of a pale, youthful looking middle-aged man. "Good even, mi'lady. I am Lord Igore, a well established merchant and trader. I see you have made friends with my mule driver, Shul." He said with a voice that spoke of power as smooth as silk, and stared at her kindly with handsome, light brown eyes.
        "A-aye, I have, and I was just thanking him for all his kindness, having brought me here." Diame said with a nod to him, meant to mean she had no further words.
        "Shul here was just saying goodbye and seeing his way to his room for the night, weren't you Shul?" Lord Igore did not avert his eyes from Diame's.
        As quickly as bolting to his feet, Shul bowed to the youthful man in his dark cloak, "Aye, I wuhs too! Good even Lord Igore," and he bowed to Diame, "Good even Mis'ress Delandra!" He said as he bowed, and placed his straw hat back on as he spun round, holding it so it didn't fall off as he steadfastily made his way to the door, dodging around tables and serving maids.
        "I beg your pardon," Lord Igore said as he did a half bow to her, "I understand if my mule driver may have upset you Mistress Delandra, um, may I call you that? I just came over here to have a simple word of safe passage, as I hear Shul is transporting you as well as my cargo to the Ijian markets."
        "Oh, I... I see." Diame nodded. "Well, I indeed am headed to Ijia, for a religious pilgrimage. I thank you for letting me use a seat in your driver's cart today, but I would like to get a room so that I may be well rested for my travels ahead."
        "Ah, but your room for the night is exactly what I wanted to discuss with you." Lord Igore looked down at the floor diffidently, "Forgive me if there was any misunderstanding, I simply wished to pay for you to have the best room available, mi'lady. A gift of some kind of luxury not outside of a lady's means. It is harsh enough you are traveling by cart and not stagecoach. Uh, may we sit? I have much to ask you, and to answer any questions of yours."
        Softening her frown, Diame nodded, as she did have some questions, but she didn't want to stay for a long conversation. Who knows if I can trust this man, much less anyone out on my own. Well, I am out here on my own, I did trust Shul, and maybe this Lord Igore can explain himself. "Very well, but I am quite tired." Diame said as she slowly sat back down, showing she was still wary of the man. 
        "Thank you, Mistress." With a turn of his head, he nodded to a nearby servent girl, who rushed over to him. 
        Mechanically, she took his odd shaped hat and removed his black cloak for him, then bowed, but gave Diame a hurried, wide-eyed glance before she scurried off. 
        Lord Igore wore a completely unmarred white shirt wrapped in a black vest, and he sat before Diame. The pommel of his cane with the gilt monkey head stared at her, resting against the booth back as the young man locked his brown eyes with this young traveling noble woman of mysterious heritage inquisitively. 
        She felt as though he was searching her face to answer questions he could retain the compulsion to ask. For all he is dressed and how dashing he looks, perhaps he just expects all to trust him and he does as he pleases. Diame cleared her throat gingerly, "If you do not mind, may we finish our business so that I might take a room?"
        "Oh, but of course," He nodded to her knowingly, "Simply put, as you are in my company's transportation for whatever the reason, I only wish for you to have a safe passage with as little trouble as possible. I happened to be passing through here, and when my mule driver saw me, he told me he was helping a lady in need. Noblewoman or no, a woman traveling alone should always be within in her comforts. Forgive me if my gift of staying in the nicest room was presumptuous and had offended you. It's, well," he leant in forward slightly, as so he could not be overheard in the din of chatter, "some of the rooms' cleanliness have seen better days, or weeks, even. On busy nights, they may put more than one person to a room. I wouldn't even want my mule driver to stay in a room with those kinds of conditions. However, they put all their attentions to the couple of decadent rooms, so when a nobleman arrives they ensure they stay here. Most of the regulars who come here are workers in the mountains who stop here for their drink, then pass out, and go back to work, you see." He glanced over his shoulder for a moment at the crowd of the tavern, then back to Diame with a smile. He tapped the floor with the cane at his side, turning the golden monkey face side to side as he idly did so. "So, simply put, my driver out of kindness told me he wished to offer you the fee for the room I had given him before he set off to retieve his cargo from the south. I admired his generocity, and gave him another silver crown he could use for himself tonight or whenever he wanted. So, with money not an issue, you are welcome to rest in a room with nicer accomidations, and with the full attentions and service of the Traveler's Roost establishment that comes with it. These things I use for myself when traveling or allow Shul to use, and this inn appeciates the business, so it is quite alright, um, should you accept, Mistress Delandra." He eyed the silver coin bearing the mark of Ijia, the heavy metal glimmering in the tiny lantern light, then back to Diame.
        She patiently listened to everything, and took a moment to take in the multiple reasons to accept his kindness. "I hadn't thought about the fact there were nicer rooms with better levels of cleanliness and privacy, hmm..." Diame looked at the coin, then back to the young lord across the table from her. I certainly wouldn't want to stay in a dirty room, especially with someone I didn't know. Surely it would be alright if I did take this man up on his kind offer, though I felt wary of taking strangers up on their kindness, I feel like this room would be safer. "Well, I can see why you both would insist on using the nicer room. Very well then. I thank you for your gift, sir. Eyes watch over you." Diame said with a gracious smile.
        A look of relief swept over Lord Igore's face, and he leant forward, "Ah, I am heartened to hear that. It is simply just more befitting that a woman of your stature stay within respectable means, especially when traveling and saving one's money down the road." His smile widened to a grin, knowing of wealth. 
        "Indeed." Diame nodded, pulling her staff to her side. "Well, I thank you again for your kindness. By and by, I tire and would certainly like to go lie down." Well, perhaps I was wrong. These people seem to be a lot nicer than I thought they were. She reached across the table to the silver coin, "I'll not forget your kindness, sir." She smiled as her fingertips touched the glimmering eagle motif. The expected coolness of the metalic coin was met as though she had touched a hot stove, and blue gems of electricity bolted high into the air, followed by a blinding flash of light.
        The booth spun around her, the sight of the tavern turned sideways and engulfed in brightness, she felt as though she were lifted out of her seat and into the air. 


        Outside under the starry night, Diame's bare feet landed on the yellow bricks paving the parade grounds alongside the lake of Teva Village, the sixteen waterfalls of the Water Temple falling four by four into giant plumes of mist. The seven tall pillars of blue stone surrounded her, holding the garden canopy over head as she stood within a crowd of familiar faces, all frozen still with food and drink before her. Alura with her fingers mid-strum and and mouth mid-note of a song, Eljuk in acolyte attire, unarmed though looking dutiful and watchful even when celebrating with a goblet of mudberry wine, Sindha playing with Edjar among other kids watched by Sister Mariden donned with the domed hat of her habit. 
        This is the dream world, not reality! Why am I seeing this? Being within her vision suddenly, finding herself back home in the parade grounds of Teva. What is happening? My visions are forcing their way into my head, but how?! Why now?! The priestess looked around the familiar reality, the imagined place before the Water Temple that exists only as a memory within visions.
        The stars above were peaking through the twilight, and she only noticed how clear the sky was when she saw the dark Eastern horizon, marred by dark clouds. A puff of red light appeared from them, followed by a distant roar of a gutteral beast that made the ground tremble. Bolts of red lightning burst forth from the clouds, and their darkness stretched across the sky, blocking the starry constellations with lightning and clouds.
        "What is happening to me! To my swevens! Merciful Evaz'sa, help m-!" Diame shouted at the sky before she fell back, shook off balance to the paved ground from the combined consecutive booms of thunder exploding from an entire sky of roiling lightning. As she landed on the quaking earth, all she could see was the clouds as they opened up their waters, and poured forth glowing droplets of fire down across all she could see. She could feel the aethereal pull of the energies of the Water Temple surging, overflowing with power. I have to protect them! A distant memory urgently called to her. On instinct, she pulled at the overflowing water aether flowing from the temple, and the entire surrounding lake levitated into a vortex pulled into the fiery sky.
        
        Her eyes sprank wide open, and Diame awoke with a start, sitting upright with a jolt at her booth in the inn's tavern. The silver coin glimmered in her hand, but to her surprise, Lord Igore was not seated across the table as he was a moment ago. 
        What furthered the Water Priestess's surprise was that she noticed a cloud of mist, blue, transparent and thick, that had surrounded her. She dropped the heavy coin on the table with a clank, and before she could search for an explaination, she watched as her fingertips emanated thick plumes of blue mist, even her driftwood staff resting at her side seemed to blast water aether into the air. Her mouth opened to ask questions of why and how, but no words came out. I do not understand! I thought I was in control of my thoughts, my magick! Why!? Diame gasped as she saw her glass wobble side to side, its water spinning within it so quickly it looked as though it would fall over. She grabbed it on reflex when it started to tip, and as she did so, the water within spun even faster, to a point that it hovered out at the glass's rim, and reformed as a floating sphere in the middle. Nay! What are you doing?! Regain control of your magicks, girl! You don't want the whole tavern to see a display of magick tricks! Diame picked up the glass and held it up to her lips, covering the spinning orb of water from view with one hand, trying to sip the magicked sphere down. Nary any set of eyes besides those of an aethermancer can see aethereal mists, but anyone could certainly see a floating ball of water! I must regain control, none can be allowed to see this! I'd never pass for a simple traveling noblewoman at this rate. Nay! I am in complete control of my magicks. She looked around the tavern, holding the glass nearly to her lips and sipping from the spinning water. 
        She nearly choked as she looked over to the nearby table, the songstress sitting on a man's lap, holding up her own wine glass to the light and staring in it with a quirked eyebrow, possibly weighing the reasons why a spiral of wine spun within.
        Staring uncertainly at the blue clouds of mist around her as she sipped down her class, Diame waited for them to dissipate as she reiterated her mental mantra. I am in complete control of my magicks, I am in complete control of my magicks... 
        "Hurry up, girls! Those dishes won't wash themselves!" A shout from the kitchen spoke with a touch of agitation.
        Diame's blue eyes swept to the kitchen, and her blue eyed gaze caught the rounded cook turning away from the inner kitchen with looks of dissatisfaction at flustered serving maidens running about. The dark haired woman's face that looked like she had commanded serving girls tightly for years was stuck with complete abashment as she stood over her cookpot. The long wooden spoon that she had been vigorously stirring beforehand was stirring itself, completing full turns around the circumference of the cookpot in rapid rotations. 
        The priestess eyes widened, and a quick look around the room showed her that nearly every patron with a drink glass stared at each's own with a strange curiosity. Diame shook her head as she finished drinking the water sphere hovering out of her glass down to the size of a marble. I am in complete control of my magicks, I am in complete control of my magicks! She willed herself as strong as she could, trying to sever the link of aether connecting her mind to all the water in the room.
        The invisible blue glow of the room wavered, and flickered out of her sight, but the swell of aether kept the room in the strong glow of the magickal light. Diame could feel the water spin in everything, the drink, the food, the air. She even started to sense the flow of blood in everyones veins, the thoughts and emotions in the waters of their minds.
        "I am in complete control of my magicks!" Diame said aloud in frustration, and stamped her empty glass down on the table as she began to fear she would never quell her magicks.
        As soon as she made the motion, the glowing mist around her snaked together and coalesced, bursting into rays of blue light, then thinned out of existance. 
        Relieviedly, Diame felt the aether she had unwittingly released finally dissipate, and couldn't feel the sensations she had felt before, those of somehow feeling spinning water and other people's emotions. She straightened up in her seat, and looked around the tavern, and it had indeed grown quiet. 
        Some of the patrons had taken their eyes off of their goblets of beer, and all shared a look of bemusement, as if each man thought only they saw something strange. The young songstress at the nearby table looked at her goblet of wine, puzzled with uncertainty, and excused herself politely by slinking off of the gentleman's lap, and went back to her barstool with her lyre on its case. She placed her glass of wine down, and stared at it, while she idly grabbed a wine bottle, and she went to pour. Suddenly she gave an odd look at the both, and perhaps decided she had enough to drink, and for some reason put the bottle back down and seemed dissinterested in inbibing any more alcohol all together. She picked up her lyre, and strummed the tinkling strings, and sang an unfamiliar, although jolly tune about the mischievious faeries that live in the local forests. The crowd seemed to immediately take interest, and nodded at their beers in quiet agreement, and went back to drink and chatter once more.
        It appears as though my display of magicks was only seen by eyes of those who can not see aethereal mists. Good. Diame thought cautiously to herself, and gave another quick glance, truly seeing that another aethermancer had not seen her. While that is a relief, I am beginning to wonder if I am truly able to keep control over with the magicks I have carried with me from the Water Temple. She always had to control her magick especially after she recieved a sweven, and now of all times given the most vivid vision she had ever seen, she imagined that it would be mildly more difficult keeping her powers over water under control. It worried her that this happened, as she was out in unfamiliar grounds, and having no idea what caused it. The symbol of Ijia glimmered on the silver coin, and Diame remembered the purpose of her journey. I still have another day worth of travels in the morrow, I think it would behoove me if I retired for the evening. She remembered the very purpose of the money before her, she was supposed to use the coin to pay for the room suggested to her by Lord Igore. It was very kind of him to be concerned about my comforts, I suppose. I wonder where that man went anyway? As soon as the thought passed her mind, she noticed a serving maiden with dark hair standing by her side. 
        "Would you like anything at all, mi'lady? Do you desire any more food or drink? Ready to retire to one of The Roost's rooms perhaps?" The young lass said as soon as Diame took note of her, grinning readily with servitude.
        I do think I shall take a room, I can gather my thoughts in private there atleast. "Aye, I would like a room." Diame picked up the silver coin, and placed it in the palm of the serving maid, whose jaw dropped for one moment, then it closed shut, turned into an even wider grin. "I was told you have an array of rooms to choose from, which one might this purchase?"
        The serving girl stared at her calmly although stricken with shock, then at the coin in her hand. The emblem side down, showing a crown shimmering atop a swordhilt, with palm leaves engraved from the blade in a circle around the silver coin. "Why mi'lady! Let me show you to the deluxe royal suite immediately!" And with that, she snatched up Diame's satchel, and motioned to lead her.
        Diame blinked, shocked herself that that was the room she would be staying in, but would not now waiver the protective identity of a traveling noblewoman she had taken. "Very well, take me to my room, good lass." She said astutely, and took her walking staff, following the serving lass as she made her way around crowded tables in the tavern.
        They came to a thick door that the maid opened for Diame, and it lead her into a small lobby with a staircase. A tall woman with a drawn yet kindly face in some sort of liverly green dress stood behind a counter with books for keeping guestnames and a lamp. When told she would be staying until dawn, she took down simply 'Lady Delandra' for Diame's name, and the serving girl passed on the silver crown to the woman at the counter, who eyed the coin, raising her brow excitedly as she took it and placed it somewhere beneath the counter. The girl carried Diame's satchel up the staircase and motioned to her, "Right this way, mi'lady. Mind your step."
        Up the stairs Diame went, holding up the furls of her blue robe with the same hand as her staff, and took the railing with her free hand to turn down a lantern lit corridor. Five plain wood doors went down it, all looking too close together to possibly have enough space for the amount of people from the tavern that could potentially be staying here, all sharing these five rooms. Before the thought could perturb her curiosity to peek inside a lit room whose door was was ajar, the serving girl was down the hall and about to make another turn, "This way, mi'lady." She said as she motioned with the bag.
        Down the corridor she turned the corner, and there were two doors of polished oak, and one had a wreathe of flowers carved finely into the woodwork. "Our small inn has a big legend we stand by," The serving girl said as she took a key out of her pockets, and worked the lock on the gilt handle. "Once, a long time ago, the inn recieved word that Her Highness, the Queen of Ijia, would be passing through and wished to stay a night here while she was traveling to the south. The Traveler's Roost has these two suites, but neither were yet befitting for a queen." 
        When the lock clicked open, the serving girl pushed open the decorated door, and produced a long matchstick from her apron. "Just a moment, please." the girl said as she got a light from a nearby oil lamp, and covered the flame with her hand as she walked into the darkness. 
        Diame watched as the girl made her way in to the table in the dim light spilt in from the hall, and lit a big yellow wax candle, carved as a naked woman sitting, holding an urn overhead with the wick atop. As light gradually spilt up the pale blue curtains covering two windows on adjacent walls, Diame stepped in, and from what she could see, realized she must have had the largest room in the inn, a nice corner room with two big windows that had to be about two or three times the size of the other rooms. After the serving girl put Diame's bag down on a cushioned chair near the table, she found her way around to two more candle lamps, both on night stands on either end of a large bed with dark blue covers and pillows. The room was very much full of light, and Diame amazedly took in the decadent suite, an exoticly painted partition neared a large wardrobe woodworked with rosebuds and thorns and a lacquered oak dresser table with a ceramic washbowl and cloth atop it.
         The serving girl fluffed the sheets and pillows, and continued, "So, the inn owner spared nary a coin of his life savings to make sure every comfort of Her Highness was met, as you can see." The girl got atop a wooden step stool, and then she extended the long match to begin lighting five candles circling a silver-worked chandelier hanging above the table from a long chain from the ceiling. "By and by, when the time came that Queen Senna herself stayed here, she was indeed so pleased, she spread word commending the inn, and out of kindness, reimbursed the inn of all expenses the owner had paid for her room. Well, now we have this special room reserved for the luxury of nobles, and the good word of the queen has always guided travelers of all color of coin to stay here on their journeys." She said as she stepped back down and put out the match, then bowed to Diame in all humbleness. "Well, please get your rest mi'lady. You have generously paid more than enough for one night's stay and dinner, tomomorrow morning your breakfast will be readied early. If there is anything else I can do for you, do not hesitate to ask. I, and the rest of the Traveler's Roost are at your beck and call. If you need anything, just give a holler. The lady at the counter will hear you and get one of us."
        Diame still was taking in the finely crafted decorations of the room she was staying in, and when she followed the chain up, she took in the now lit up artwork on the ceiling. Sky filled with a long winged legion of angels encircling the sun, painted with bright colors that mimicked gold. The sunlight shone around an image of Evaz'Sa, the painting showed a kindly young woman nearly all nude with body and skin glistening blue and her outstretched wings the color of the sky, partially covered by a long sarong of dark blue silk. "Nay, I am fine, thank you." She said absently. This room is... the most gorgeous place I have ever seen, only comparable to the decor at Lux Grande. "I feel more than taken care of."
        The servent girl bowed deeply as she neared the door, "I am at your beck and call. Good night, mistress. May Eyes watch over you." She said as she closed the door behind her. It was only then Diame realized that beside the door she had come in from were a small table with an opaline vase containing a humongous bouquet of sweet scented flowers with blue crescent shaped petals. The other side had a painting hanging off the wall of what was a view from above of the forest she was in, followed by a wide open grassy landscape, and in the distance of the surrounding areas, an ocean surrounding a castle built at the base of one of the twin mountains, the Kingdom of Ijia herself.
        "Wow." Diame said breathlessly as she sat on the soft covers of the bed, leaning her driftwood walking staff against the bedpost, an oaken column carved with vines of flowerpetals leading up to a sheer, white silk canopy overhead. She kicked her boots off, and slid off her blue robe, then pulled down the overstuffed comforter. The priestess laid back in the bed in exhaust, taking in the softness of the thick feather mattress and navy blue pillow against her weary head, still awe struck at the masterful piece of artwork, the image of Evaz'Sa herself indeed watching her from above. I have only seen artworks of God herself as detailed as this within the great halls of Lux Grande itself. I wonder how anyone painted on the ceiling anyhow?         She had never wondered anything about all the origins of the paintings and tapestries of the divine before when she lived in Lux Grande, where she called home all those years before she first set foot in Teva. The preponderance of the world's faithful gather there as what is called The Church to the rest of the world, so that all may take joy in paying homage to the God of the Sun, Evaz'Sa. To see her likeness here on her travels after getting to where she is now so haphazardly, to her it seemed more than meant to be. 
        The flickering of the candles light gave the room a calming ambience, as if lit by a home fire. I wonder how Eljuk and all of Teva fares? I keep seeing visions that I know can not be possibly be happening, I have faith that holy Evaz'Sa is protecting them, and me on my path. Yet what I have seen... She tossed to her side, and pulled the soft covers tightly over her back, giving a shiver as the bed warmed her. Nay, I am here to prevent such a disaster. In the morrow, I shall set off to Ijia, and when I meet with Bishop Malbourne, I will explain why I had hastily come. She nodded to herself, then realized she still wore her circlet. She gave a chortle at herself, then slid the weaved strands of gold with the dangling pearl out from around her curls of red hair, and set it on the nightstand. She pushed all her bountiful locks back from her cream colored face, and rest her head, closing her starry blue eyes, making cozy once more in the soft sheets. I indeed need to sleep, I wonder why I am so tired? I slept most of the day. Probably just all the day's excitement has tired me out. She calmly drifted in her thoughts, concerning if she could travel the rest of the way through the forest alone or must seek Master Shul's help once more. Then she thought of Teva, her oathes to protect her flock, and if this is the right thing she was doing now to protect them compared to being in her cloister meditating up on it? If she was wrong, if the bishop had sent a letter in response to her and was in flight at this very moment, she would feel guilty for being out sleeping in an inn's luxurious suite on someone else's coin. Then she even thought about how strange it was that she was doing just that, and why Lord Igore left without saying goodbye after he had been so kind? Before she could give it a second thought as she lay in comfort, sleep swathed over her.


        Shrouded in the shadows from the dim light of the moon, the pidgeon-hawk sat perched on a branch within a tree's thick-leaved canopy. As light left, creatures of the dark rustled though the forest in land and sky. Among owls hooting their noise, Maji found it safe to emerge from the rockface he was pidgeonholed in, finding it safe to take flight by night. There was a faint scent that nudged him to where he smelled nothing else but humans and their animals and food.
        He hopped down a branch to get a closer look through the window of the building in the middle of the forest, could it have been the place his master wished him to find? It had the faint scent of moonblossoms wafting out from within the window, yet another familiar scent carried with it. A human his master sometimes meets with, her scent travels with him after a visit from his home of Teva. 
        Maji blinked his gold-rimmed pupils for eyes, it was the woman who always visited the giant fountain, and always smelled like the lake. From time to time in his flight, catches of the paper within the capsule crossed his keen beak, also smelling of her nest. He tilted his head in puzzlement and wondered why she was out here as well, but didn't put too much thought to it as his attentions shifted. The cold winds in the night blew in from the north, where the silver moonblossom trees' blue leaves give off their sweet scent most pungently under a cool full moon's night, such as this one. He extended his brown and white feathered wings, and caught the gust, ascending quickly above the forest tops. At the speed he lifted up, he would be out of the forest before long, and if he stayed with the wind he might be able to follow it all into the night. The pidgeon-hawk made his way north where he could smell the ocean, riding the winds, unharried under a starlit sky.
        
        With one boot out of the stirrup of his Shire, General Xavier unmounted his horse, placing his feet firmly to the ground for the final time this long day, and now he and his men could rest this night at Fort Forestglenn. The day had been tougher than anticipated for the Sky Saints as they made their way along the coast of Ijia. 
        One stop after another, local peoples in the farms and hamlets spoke to them of barbaric theft, bandit gangs running amuck time to time. They spoke not only of theft of people's valuables, but even burning of barns and homes, to murders and kidnappings. The aftermath of what chaos resulted from the attack on Ijia Castle itself was catastrophic for the daily lives of the commonfolk. They helped as they could, taking descriptions of the bandits, where they may be hiding, and how much were their damages they could help the villagers regain or rebuild some of what they had lost. After stopping to meet with hamlet after hamlet, they arrived at Fort Forestglenn, and just as well, had heard the Crows' Forest surrounding the southern mountains gave refuge to all sorts of villains and ruffians. If any gangs hid within the shelter of the forest, the Sky Saints would find them in the morrow.
        The fort itself was a three story tower surrounded by a stone wall tall as two men, one on the others' shoulders. Within the enclosure, their horses where tied to stableposts, and a building built into the walls and tower was the barracks. Xavier would rest tonight, and awaken early with the command of the Sky Saints, ready to scour the evil from the land.


        
        








        
                


















































        
        




        Shul enters, talks with Diame hurriedly
Diame keeps him for conversation and to thank him, he stays and acts nervous. Diame has flashbacks of having good times in Teva at the parade grounds.
        Big dark bad guy, looking like a nobleman, walks in to tavern over to Shul and Diame. Shul leaves abruptly, and bad guy sits down with Diame, and explains he is Shul's employer. 
        Guy offers to pay for Diame's meal and room, and places a silver coin on the table. He curses it with a spell that will probe Diame, it will see if she is a user of magick, and if so force a tiny spark of it out to see. She kindly refuses, but doesn't know if she can afford a room yet, so she decides to take him up on his kindness, since she is in such a good mood and Shul is so nice. 
        When she touches the coin, it makes her return to the thoughts she just had of Teva village, and a reoccurance of the vision she had at the Water Temple. She has a strong desire to grab for water, and the flood comes, and then she snaps back into reality touching the coin. 
        Diame can see her blue aether mist glowing out of her, and her goblet of water begins to spin on its own. She grabs it to hide it with her hands from the Guy seeing her water act out of control. Her holding it causes it to spin into an orb floating out of the glass. She still hides this with her hands, and tries to play it off by drinking the floating orb from her glass. She wonders what is happening, and tries to get the orb to slow down and regain control of her powers. Kind of in denial she is out of control.
        She nearly chokes on her water she drinks when she looks into the kitchen, hearing some sort of commotion. The chef mistress is yelling at the girls to get back to work pouring wine, and sees the chef turned around at the maids staring at the glasses, then nodding in acquisance and continueing to work. When the chef turns around to continue on her cookpot, she is agast in astonishment. From Diame's view, the spoon is spinning around all on its own. She then looks around the bar, everyone is staring at their glass oddly. The songstress she takes particular note of quirking an eyebrow to a clear goblet with spinning wine. 
        Diame powerfully asserts herself that her magick is under control, and can see the mists of aether disappear. The Guy is looking at her with concern and asks if she is alright. She says she is, and that she must leave immediately. Grabs her stuff and says thank you and good night.
        She finds the servant girl who gave her her soup from before and gives her the silver coin and asks if it is enough for her food and and a room. The servant girl delightfully says its more than enough, and shows her to her room, and basically starts treating Lady Delandra like royalty.
        Diame relaxes in her room, and recounts her nightmare  at the beggining of the chapter. She also chastises herself to be more careful about keeping her aethermancy under control, as she might have caused an even commotion in the tavern. She is reminded about how in her cloister when she first wakes up, she had to meditate. When she woke up from her nap, her guard must have been down. She meditates for a minute by lanturn light, and prays, then goes to sleep.


The Audacious Aries; a youthful girl aged seven years. She had short yet shaggy black hair and tanned skin. She wore a tattered tunic and slacks, clothes she’s been wearing forever. The most noticeable attribute was her eyes, they were a vibrant red color, slightly brown. They had a look of fear and determination, innocence and sin, and maturity and youthfulness.


Peval: Rome
Pevali: Roman


Look at all these sick and starving people
Impoverished by their own government
Look at how the police, paid filthy rich by the government, are supposed to be opposed to those weaker than they


Do not the common people have it bad enough that they have to fear their fragile freedom taken away at the slightest infraction? By those who protect the rich and punish the poor?


The picture of the poorest of the poor, and the government helps them not, but rather pays for police to enforce the law that must be upheld. Whats the point to punish those who already have it bad enough?
        IV. The Fiery Heart


        A clear blue sky stretched overhead from the early morning sun over the neighborhood of Tikour, a bustling marketplace as well as residences for merchants and locals alike. The streetblocks alone would be big enough to hold an entire village in a countryside plot, Tikour was but a few streets, a square mile within a city within the inner walls of The Empire of Pevali. Its capital, situated in the northern reaches of the Eastern continent, was built at the base of the Burning Mountains, housing the Temple of Fire. In the lands surrounding the outer walls of the empire is a score of smaller countries that have fallen to Pevali’s might and were subsequently annexed. Now the Empire rules its puppet nations, their rulers usurped from their thrones and replaced with men who have sold their lives to be the strings to the emperyal crown.
        Ever still, their power grows under the rule of the ambitious Emperor Kilnero and his power over the Empyreal Legions. Their fearsome knights inspired tales of those who traveled like a living fortress, conquering one nation after the next, leaving crumbled castles of those who fought back lay in their wake. Endless arrows wiped out whole armies, and one entire nation after the next would become another stronghold for the Pevali Empire. 
        The looted kingdoms wealth went straight to the empire's coffers, creating the High Aristocracy within the inner walls of the capital. Outside of the privelaged nobility are the towns of the wealthy, Terrace being the largest home to those who provide services for the wealthy, their commonfolk being doctors and law mages, fine restaurant establishments and keepers of magick orchards, or gambling parlors and exclusive brothels. Even though the emperor and nobility bost of being the wealthiest and most populated nation on the surface of Caelutera, outside of Terrace, many of the towns within the empyreal walls are impoverished slums. The littered streets, crowded with the common folk, are home to many merchants, gamblers, travelers and thieves. In the poorest of these towns lies the slums, where the coin is copper and nickel, the homeless survive day to day, and feral young raised by the streets struggle in this poverty.
        
        A group of young street urchins traipsed the streets of Tikour on a sunny day's morning ten years ago. In the history of the empire, a decade past was when the empire's war to take over the surrounding countries had turned the bloodiest. The continent was turned into a violent warzone, within what was the harshest of times for the people on both ends of the battlefield. The impoverished Pevali people suffered the most at this time, and the harshness of the streets gave shelter to orphaned children from drafted parents fallen in battle. Others were abandoned simply because the extra food could simply not be provided for them, and were left on doorsteps or street corners.
        A dirt street crowded with the usual merchants selling  charred sticks of skewered bite-sized meat and vegtables, cooked from big hotstoves. Crowds of the commons came daily for what bargains in the open bushels full of local produce hauled in from fields outside the city walls. Many of the vendor stands had small trinkets and jewelries to proffer to at those who looked like they had the coin. In the slum's open streets, business was as usual, even when crime was high and thieves were nigh.
        An audacious girl aged seven years lowered the brim of her brown cape's hood partially covering her dirty face, but not so much that she would garner any unwanted suspicion. Her unwashed black hair was shaggy and neck length, and covered part of her dark tan face at times, then she would brush it away with grimy hands that had been picking through refuse for foodscraps. She wore a tattered and dirtied once white tunic and blue slacks, clothes she had been wearing for as long as she could remember. Her most noticeable attribute of the girl's profile was her eyes, they were a vibrant red hue like a rabbit's, but with brown specks of pigment. They had a look of fear and determination, innocence containing sin, maturity and naïvety.
        She peered around the corner of a yellow dirt-brick street building from its allyway, her eyes hungrily focused on the rack of freshly baked bread loaves and apples in open display on a row on a cloth covered table. The old and grayed traveling merchant stood in a silken white tunic and brown trousers, and tended to keeping his display, every fruit for sale and breadloaf fresh in the shade of an umbrella. Straining to listen over the crowd at someone he throught was standing there, then correcting himself and going back to tidying, it was obvious his senses were not as keen as they used to be. He looked wary though, as he was a usual target for the girl and other thieves, but his wares were fully stocked and his coinpurse looked full, so business for him must be good, he wouldn't notice a few missing apples. And if that was true, then he probably wouldn't miss his coinpurse, either. When her accomplice arrived, she would find out for certain.
        The old man started to turn in her direction, and the gamine darted her head back around the ally and leant back against the corner of the allyway, just out of sight. Curses! The old man's wary of his new wares, he's lookin' all around for thieves today. Just our luck. Where is he? Adem said to wait right here. She shifted her cloak, watching the daily crowd of Tikour's people walk up and down the streets of the marketplace, all wore simple colors of brown, white and blue.  Most were common dressed in tunics and slacks for men, few women wore those and seemed to favor wearing simple skirts and plain blouses. Not the little girl who waited to steal her next meal, a skirt would do hardly any good when she inevitably had to run. The worn leather of the stolen shoes she wore would help with escape too, yet she'd have to steal a new pair soon.
        "A good day, shopkeep." A familiar young voice spoke spryly. "Might I see your wares?"
        Finally, he has him distract. The girl peered out of the corner once more, and the old merchant was turned to a boy dressed similar as she, wearing a cap over his head with long, shaggy brown hair, and bright green eyes.
        "You! I, I think I recognize you! I'm sure of it!" The man shouted among the deafening din of the crowd, and bent down squinting his slightly cataract eyes at the lad before him.
        The girl cautiously kept her eyes on the old man with his back turned to the stands behind him.
        "Why sir, I have but been sent by my grandmother for a loaf of bread." The boy named Adem said each word in a shout over the marketplace carefully so the old man would hear him, and motioned slowly to the round loaves on the top shelf of a display, taking his time so the graying merchant would see him.
        The old man squinted his milky blue colored eyes, and bent closer to the lad, "Who is yer grandmum?" He said low and was not afraid to add a touch of meanness.
        The hooded girl peeking out behind the corner of the wall waited, unsure if the old man had found them out or not.
        Meeting his harsh stare that was aimed a foot higher than his actual height, Adem responded quickly. "Uh, Miss Cobbleburt down the street, sir." The boy spoke with honesty ringing true in his voice.
        Holding his grimace for a few seconds more, the merchant softened his look at last, and asked, "Well, we have wheat, flax seed, hemp seed, poppy seed," and named off others on the top shelf of the display rack.
        Darting out from around the corner, the young girl ducked under the legs of the table displaying the fruit, she was small and was as quiet as she was quick. The coinpurse tied in a knot around the merchant's belt hung behind his hip, and her fingers pulled at the leather cords in a loop around it. With one tug the leather cords were undone, and the coin purse was free, and she took it carefully so the merchant would not feel the weight of it. It weighed only a few coins, but any heavier he might have detected it, behooving the early bird. He did not, luckily, and turned suddenly to reach around to a shelf holding sweetcakes. The short girl stood behind the merchant and yellow stone building the man's awning was put up against, staying out of sight.
        "Um, what are those ones over there?" Adem asked excitedly as he pointed to the other side of the merchant's bread display.
        "Oh those? Pumpernickel, sourdough, rye," the merchant shuffled through more shelves of bread.
        Ducking out from the fruitstand, she slipped the coinpurse within a pocket in her trousers, and popped right up standing before the apples in a line. With a look to her side, pretending to stare at something on the ground and stretch, as she made the motion, she snagged one of the ripe green apples and it went into a deep pocket specially sewn in to the inner lining of her brown cape. The hand that was just clenched in theft turned into a fist that stifled a yawn as the girl stretched again, waving her hand to the boy in a gesture that spoke of success. Then she made a squeak to add to her yawn, and made it loud enough the old merchant could hear. She picked up an apple and held it up into the sunlight, "S'cuse me!" the girl said in a yell over the sounds of the street bustle and passersby.
        "Huhnh? Just a moment, I'm busy with- hey, put that down!" The merchant said over his shoulder, then turned to the kid in boy's clothes whose face was partially covered by her hair and hood. He reached forth and snatched the fruit from her hand, "Gonnae naw be stealin' none of me fruits! Hear me, you little pestilent urchin?" The greyed hair one scoured her with his partially whitened eyes.
        She deepened her voice, and tried to mimick the tone how Adem spoke, "Pardons, sir. I wish to, uhh, buy this?" the word was strange enough to say for her, but then reaching in her poke to produce the money for it was even stranger. She reached within the very pouch she had just stolen and pulled a single copper coin out from the bag hidden in her trouser poke, and held it out to the merchant. "Will this do, sir?" She said slowly and carefully over the streetnoise.
        Eyeing the glimmering coin in the sunlight carefully, he leant forward and took it, nodded to her, and handed the green apple back. "Now, if you're done,"
        "Oh no, sir. I wanted to know if you have any oranges you could sell to me on this fine day?" The girl asked very slowly, meeting eyes with the merchant, but still watching Adem out of the corner of her eyes, stuffing one of each of the bread loaves he could reach for into a jute sack and slung it around his back.
        "We do not sell oranges here, go look in the noble's stands if ye are lookin for exotic foodstuffs. Now begone, I am already seeing to another customer." He turned to Adem, unaware he stood with a bag brimming with bread behind his back. "Now, what was it you decided to-" The merchant noticed his array of breads were a bit stark, and he knew he could not have sold that many already this morning. "Oy, what have we here? Where did all me loaves go!" He darted eyes of icy daggers to the boy, "You! What did you do to my bread display!? Do you plan to pay for all that?!" 
        "Aye, I believe I can, but I only wanted one loaf of hempen bread." The boy said to the merchant, whose addled vision was turned from the girl now grabbing apple after apple, getting as many as four more into her cape pocket. 
        "What! What is that on your back!?" The old merchant leant forward, the icy daggers for eyes now even more so as he squinted to see the sack on the boy's back. "Don't play with me! I'll call for the watch! Now pay up or give it all back at once!" He demanded with a snarl.
        "Oh by all means, but I'm afraid my friend is holding your coin." The boy responded as he slowly took a step back and pointed behind the man.
        "Where do you think you're going?!" The merchant shouted, and then he turned his head and saw the girl stuffing her cape full of apples. "You street filth!" He completely swung around, and reached out his hand to snatch the girl's arm.
        With a quick retreat of her hand, the girl jumped back, and her hood fell from her face and her hair tossed aside, revealing the sly young girl's vividly red eyes, staring up defiantly at the merchant.
        When the shock of recognizing the most notorious thief in Tikour took him, he tripped on his step, and fell onto his apple display, knocking a few to the ground. "You! I know for certain who you are!" But before he could utter her name, he heard footsteps trotting away heavily behind him, and he turned to see the boy darting into the street crowd, a cloth sack full of ovals and baguettes at his back. "Me bread! Come back here!" The old man turned and shouted at the boy as he disappeared into the crowd. Then the girl behind him darted away down the alleyway, and when he turned back to her, the child was gone as well. "Me apples! You vile thieves!" the old merchant strained to shout over the street noise, and passersby hardly seemed to notice. 


        The merchant's shouts trailed off behind her, and the girl ran down the deserted alleyway, dodging around litter and refuse bins she had sifted through for scraps late last night. When hunger drove her and her friends to steal, and adrenaline helped her escape with it, the only task left was finding a place to safely hide. Waiting to be able to eat once her empty stomach was not tied in knots from running and nerves was another task all together. 
        At the end of the alleyway she came about the corner to another street, darting past two merchants' boothes selling lengths of brightly colored sheets of silk, and lengths were stretched from long spools and hung from the awnings. She slowed her step as to not rouse suspicion, and stepped around the colorful walls of red and yellow silks draped around the merchants' boothes.
        The streets of Tikour changed from the worn dirt of the foodmarkets to paved cement in the area that had more expensive wares to sell, and most of the market goers here wore similar clothes colored white and blue, mostly blouses on women and all men in tunics and trousers. There seemed to be some people of stature walking around the streets, men and woman alike dressed in jewelries and exoticly cut silken clothes. She didn't exactly blend in, but if she could cross the crowd, on the other side of the street was an escape route. In the next alley, an unrepaired sewer hatch can be removed and placed back. 
        She knew of such quick escape routes such as this one she could use for a quick slip from pursuit, and the clever street thief would make her way through underground tunnels of Tikour's aquaducts. A few blocks traveled safely in this manner would take her to an escape hatch near the surface the hideout where Adem would be waiting, as well as the rest of their young gang of thieves.
        She moved through the wide paved streets, moving around the thickness of the crowd. If any nobles gave the little slum urchin scornful looks, she could not tell under her hood she redonned, nor did she care. Halfway across the street she got a clear view of the alleyway, undesirables in tattered brown clothing crowding there as well, huddled around a small fire.  That was where another older gang of thieves live, certainly not her usual territory, but all who stole to survive shared the streets, and the escapes. 
        She stepped quickly around an obese nobleman in a red silken shirt and black trousers, both stretched nearly to bursting, and to her surprise as soon as she passed him, his cane was under her foot, and she went tumbling forward. Regaining her balance, she stood upright and glowered at the man who just tripped her. "Wot di' ya d'tht fer, y' fat oaf!" She shouted at the man by reaction, her red with brown specked eyes stared at him ready to trip him back. Just then she noticed a red and green pair of apples rolling around on the cement away from her, and she gasped. 
        "Little streetrats shouldn't dart around those with important places to go!" The man in red spouted as he glowered down at her with a shaven face and a hooked nose with dark eyes. His uniformly curled grey hair shook from the sides of his head, topped with a gold plumed dark hat. 
        She returned the unkind look, but she would not waste any more words with the man. The red apple rolled down the street a few strides towards a company of five of the commonsguard, and the girl's eyes widened as she well recognized them. Clad in chest plates of glistening silver over gray, and dark blue uniform slacks with black boots, white sleeved shirts lined with multitudes of seven-pointed stars for rank. Their conical helmets were topped with a small metal stud, and the captain of the guard stood there with his back turned, she recognized the short silver pike topping his helmet.
         Ulp! Th' cap's out t'day? She gulped as she lowered her hood over her face, and started for the alleyway, mind void of if the nobleman still scorned at her, and dared not linger so the commonsguard would notice her.
        "Hmm! Don't you think you dropped something!" The round nobleman shouted at her.
        She turned her head back in disbelief the nobleman was trying to call attention to her, she preparing to give him a final dirty look and perhaps spit over her shoulder. But when she did, she caught a glimpse through the moving throng of passersby the at the end side of the street, and stumbling out of the alleyway was the apple merchant with cataract eyes. Looking incredulous and beside himself with fury, he scoured his aged vision fervently through the crowd, an obvious search for her in vain. "Thieves are about! God help me!" He shouted left to right, hoping someone in the crowd would pay him mind, yet the passersby gawked at him as if he were a madman worth the entertainment, and nonetheless kept on.
        The girl did the same and kept towards the alleyway, a thick throng of customers crowded the entrance while talking with the mechants selling jewelries at their boothes. She started to push her way through the noble crowd awaiting their turn to purchace the pricy golden goods. She garnered quite a large amount of mutters among the crowd, she knew many were turning and murmuring about her. 
        "Lo, and behold, old sir!" The voice of the noble carried over the crowd, "Your little thief is over here!"
        The girl froze in her tracks to glance back, incredulous herself, witnessing through the crowd the nobleman motioning with one hand to the old man, and pointing at her through the people standing in line. 
        The apple merchant saw the man's signals, somehow, and rushed over, stumbling out of the busy street traffic. She yet thought the old merchant's senses and speed would have been duller. However, she did not have any time for pondering any of that, the scowled looks she recieved from the crowd in line before the jewelry vendors were unkind, and growing in their meanness. A woman with several glimmering fireopal rings around her gloved hand was saying something surely vile to her that she didn't have the time to hear, as she pushed past her, she only regretted not having the time to pick all her jewelry off her. 
        Darting through the crowd, the line ahead waiting to buy golden rings and trinkets barely noticed her or the commotion behind them. Good, she just had to make it through the nobles hypnotized by their gold and get into the blasted alleyway, and she would be done dealing with the harsh adults on the surface.
        "Over there! Quickly now!" The nobleman motioned to the old merchant now by his side, "She is in there, trying to steal gems and gold now." He glared disgustedly at the apples littered on the ground, "What a shame you allow such theft and feed the rats!"
        A glance over her shoulder showed the parting of the crowd, nobles clutching their belongings close and letting out cries of bewildered panic. "Damn it!" the girl muttered. An elderly noblewoman gave her an especially dark sneer for her curses, the strain to her face looked like it marred the white porcelain paint carefully covering the wrinkles of her ancient face.
        "Nay, sir! I assure ye, I be done feedin' the rats, mi'lord!" The old merchant responsed estutely. "Is that not the watch o'er yonder, mi'lord?"
        "'Tis indeed!" The nobleman responded, "Now, I take my leave, that child took nearly enough of my valuable time this morn. Now, to ensure you don't let your, thieves," he breathed the word scandilized, "disturb our streets again. You see the constable, so I pray you know what to do?" 
        They wouldn't dare! The girl thought, "Aye, they w'uld." She assured herself in a mutter, watching from within the crowd of silk cloaks and finely pantalooned legs standing in line. The nobleman in red turned and go about his way and the old merchant in white motioned towards the alleyway, beyond the rich waiting to buy jewelries. 
        The small huddle of thieves kept their backs turned to the commotion, meaning they knew she was coming. They'll help me get outta this mess. She hurried as she shoved past  the last of the few people ahead of her, and darted towards the narrow alleyway between the vendors.
        "Lord Constable!" the merchant shouted shrilly, "Come quickly! I beg of ye!"
        Catching a final glimpse of the group of the commonsguard, they kept their backs turned to the shouts, and even looked as though they were making steps to leave. She also saw the crowd she pushed past give her vile looks, and she turned away, and stopped short of bumping into a huddled boy a year or two older than she.
         He and the others wore a cape such as she, and held their hands out on a small open fire made of woodscraps, glowing dully within the shade of the alley's dirty walls. The boy turned and gave her a cold look from dark eyes, and even gave her a small grimace from his soot-smeared face as if he looked ashamed, but nonetheless, sympathetic.
        Before she could speak, the merchants voice broke throught the crowd, "Don't ignore me! It's that little runt Mirnada and her vile lot! Running away with me wares they pluck'd as sure as I draw breath!" He finished his hoarse shout near breathlessness in the distance, echoing down the walls of the alleyway.
        In the shade of the alley, the young thief held out her hands to the bonfire, and with her cape's hood over her head, Mirnada looked just like any other of the homeless, enjoying the warmth of the flame in the alley, and she certainly blended in with this group. She dared not linger too long though, for the notoriety of her name would garner the townsguard's attention for sure. Those in the alley who leant up against the walls were older, aged from adults to the decrepit, and most were either asleep or babbling in their usual daze from finding some grog to drink, and saving their energy so they could scavenge for food during the night. Dressed in clothes even more ragged than hers, they sat in the alley against the dirty yellow brick walls. 
        The girl with earthern red eyes gulped from a dry mouth, and blurted words out without any more time to tarry, "Ah'm usin' th' ol' sewer 'atch an' Ah'll b'gone as fast as ah came." Mirnada tightened her cape over her head, and whispered over her parched tongue, yearning for as soon as she was safe and hidden for a crisp apple. "Thank ye in a'vance fer lettin' make use uh'it." She grinned, and expected a friendly smile in return she could part from.
        They with their hands to the flame didn't move, and flat out ignored her every word. The boy and a few other of the younger ones all stared at her with harshness in their eyes. The fellow thieves all seemed to be acting bemused that she was even talking to them.
        Taken aback, Mirnada flinched and took a step away from them. "I'm sorreh! This ol' man is jus' chasin' meh, so I'll be on meh way!" The heat from the flame was still warm against her skin as she made a fist in fear.
        "Aye, do nae linger aroun' too long, lass." A drunk man to her side hunched against to the grimy bricks shouted at her, "Nary a friend to b'found in that lot, t'be sure. And ever more join!" He ended his cautions with a hearty belch.
         Over the heads of the hooded thieves, the crowd of nobles parted in a shuffle from the shouts of three armored men of the townswatch to make way. All were fully clad in their burnished silver armor, painted with stripes of rank and followed the largest wearing the piked officers helmet. Even at a distance and their leader's face was shadowed, his icy blue eyes spotted straight at the hooded girl. An open snarl partially hidden behind a bar of iron barked at the civilians to make way between him and the girl he would arrest, and the officer nearly shoved all aside who did not heed his shouts.
        Turning away from the police officers and their captain with all haste, Mirnada sprinted down the alleyway and ran as fast as she could. She dodged around other unfortunate souls, huddled in rags over other small cookfires, or slumped in a daze, and made her way past them and made a turn. 
        Down the alley not a soul loitered, and bolted iron doors lined the brick walls, exits for businesses. Just above them on the next floor were a row of windows with different colored curtains, the homes of multiple merchant families that shared the same common space above the different businesses open to the streets on the floor below. At the farthest corner of the shaded dead end before her, a familiar metal grating embedded into the base of the building shone with a grimy luster in a stray ray of sunlight. 
        The sewer hatch was one of many little known secrets to escape the law for thieves like her, they ran narrow corridors beneath the streets. She knew all the winding passages in Tikour that would eventually take her to her gang's hideout on the outskirts of town. She'd actually be able to enjoy the apples in her cape pockets, but she had no time to feel the knots of hunger in her stomach now. 
        As Mirnada came up on the grating, in the daylight she could faintly see the concrete walkways around a river of murky waters beneath the roads she, and everyone in the markets stood on. Without any time to hassle, she grabbed at the metal bars, and pulled at them, and they budged not an inch. She frowned. "Wot?" The girl muttered. She yanked at the metal again, to her surprise where she expected there to not be any bolts, four shiny new screws a thumb thick stuck through the once loosened grating, securing it to the brick wall. Her hands trembled and she felt as if she had the air knocked out of her lungs. "Th' bast'rds knew n' di' naw ev'n tell meh! Damn th' lot o' 'em!" Mirnada muttered in frustration after realizing the harsh betrayal. "I got'a get out'a 'ere!" She said with a turn, and hurried back down the alleyway lined with barred doors.
        Mirnada's breath heaved and her face flushed, but she focused on running, if she grew distract and began crying she would be captured for sure, she reminded herself. Any hope of escape left her thoughts as soon as she turned the corner, the guardsman in armor had lined up the homeless thieves around their campfire, and two of the adults in rags pointed right at the corner that Mirnada had halted in her tracks by.
        Immediately, the lead officer's icy stare found the girl on the run all the way past the other slouched over woebegone people drunkenly strewn about. "Halt, thief!" his booming shout echoed down the alley, and he charged in pursuit of her. None who loitered around truly paid much mind to him, and the lead officer and the two policeman behind him dodged their way around them to make their way to capture the young thief.
        Dodging around the corner merely out of sight, Mirnada stood looking down at the dead end, and knew another route of escape existed not in this alleyway. She anguished at hearing the incoming shouts of the officers on their way to arrest her, and a punishment was inevitable. "Nay, gonnae naw 'appen today." She told herself. There has to be another way. She looked around, the iron back doors of the business buildings lined down the alley, but they would surely be kept locked and secured from thieves such as her. 
        The girl's attentions turned up at the sound of a window sliding open, and some blue and white striped curtains furled with hands dissapearing back within from someone unseen.
        "You can not escape!" A shout that sounded too close for comfort echoed loudly around her. "Surrender to the Pevali Police Guard at once!"
        Sweating from the fear of her pursuers, Mirnada heaved her breath from the adrenaline rush heating her blood. She herself did not know why her nerves made her stomach feel like it sank to her knees, she had never been caught before and the thought of it shuddered her. Fear began to paralyze her mind, but she shook herself out of it quickly, her determination to survive this and escape reforged her resolve. Yet, the heat from her head was almost too much to bear, and she gasped a sudden heave. She pulled at the neck of her tunic, "Wot is 'appenin?" She said as she faintly recognized the sensation of feverish heat dripping down her neck, through her body, down her chest out to her fingers and toes. When she felt like this, her memories became hazy for some reason, unable to recall clearly much else of what happened aftewords. "Agh! Why'sit so blazin' 'ot!"
        Stomping around the corner in his full armor was the police officer, his face a twist of scorn and his eyes wide behind a bar of metal from his helmet. "Halt in the name of the law!" He reached out with both arms, and lunged at the girl to grab her.
        Acting on reflex, Mirnada jumped swiftly back, unintentionally leaping so hard she threw herself against the alleyway wall. To her further surprise, she left a noticeably large trail of flames and smoke, but hadn't a moment to worry about it while the officer stumbled as he grabbed at air. As he started to fall over in his heavy armor, in the same motion, the young girl kicked back off of the wall, and left a set of flamming shoeprints into the brick, then sprang off of the officer's back, and leapt up to the window above. 
        Grabbing tightly onto the metal of the windowsill, she lifted up the rest of her body and swung her legs up and planted her feet on the sill. She ducked under the glass through the striped blue curtains, and observed a kitchen with a small stove with a pan of frying beef cutlets just below her, so she squatted there in the windowframe momentary observing and querying what to do next.
        A fair skinned cook in a blue blouse with dark hair in a bun had her back turned at the girl at her windowsill, and was busying herself bent over an open oven beside an open walkway that lead out into another room bubbling with the sounds of a large family.
        "She's up there! Bloody hell!" Echoed angry shouts from below, and Mirnada turned over her shoulder to peek back through the window. The guardsmen below pointed up at her, and one getting off the ground with a scorchmark on his armor.
        A sharp inhale sound made Mirnada turn forward, and the middle aged woman was stricken with shock as she stood in her apron and held a bubbling, lattuced pie with a pair of white oven mitts. "Oh!" The woman exclaimed, and stared at Mirnada dumbfounded.
        Before the girl could respond, boots heavily trotted down the alley, commands of "Surround the building!" resonated outside.
        I'm gettin' the 'ell out of 'ere! Mirnada decided without hesitation. She pushed against her hands against the windowsill and flung her legs over the sizzling cookstove, landing on her feet on the tiled kitchen floor. "Pard'n me, ma'm, I was jus' on me way out, bu' ye' migh' 'ave summore gues's fer sup soon!" She said with a ducking bow as she bolted down the small hallway. 
        Avoiding all the home's decorations of large vases on stands and propped against built in shelves, Mirnada burst into the family's livingroom, and a large family of about twenty or so people sat at a large, rounded table with plates of bread and salad, awaiting what was being prepared within. Young and old alike were talking amongst themselves at the family table, and most hardly noticed the young girl dashing in.
        There was a stairway leading down, probably down to the ground level where she could escape out to the streets from, and a doorway with a peephole on it that would most likely lead out into the buildings commonspace. Mirnada decided that to get out into the open as soon as possible would be her best best, so she darted around the large family, and swiftly as to not break any of the earthern pots or finely decorated vases lining the house. An open window let in noise of some sort of commotion out in the streets, but she hadn't any time to worry of it then as she dashed down the stairs. She heard someone from above shout "Hey! Who was that?!" 
        Minada found a door at the base of the stairs, and she opened it as she ran in, then halted with a stumble just before a store counter complete with register. She took in the sight of hundreds of vases each on display, stacked high on wooden shelves, shining in the sunlight let in from glass windows showing the busy streets outside. A young girl older than she to her side stood beside an older man in the pottery shop, both in common clothes with a fair skinned and dark haired resemblence to their family above, and both sharing a look of complete bemusement. A woman in a nobles gown stood before the counter set with a large red vase and a few scattered gold crowns. The startled woman gasped at the girl darting out of the door, and even let out a shriek as Mirnada placed her hands on the counter and leapt over, and then started to run at the front door, open to the loudness of the busy streets.
        "There she is! Get her!" Barked from somewhere, and Mirnada saw the three police officers eyeing her through the window, and dashing towards the open front door. 
        I've worked too hard gettin' these apples and no ones gonna stop me! The girl in the cape thought to herself as she crouched behind a shelf stacked to the ceiling with an assortment of colored vases. The store entrance was nearby, and the officers entered one by one, their eyes ascout for her, hidden behind a large urn. As soon as they move from the entrance, I'll make my move and hide among the street crowd. She peered her auburn red eyes out from around the shelf corner, and the three officers were no where to be seen near the door. Curiosly stepping forward, she stood out of her crouch, "Where'd they g-"
        "Got you, little runt!" Said a harsh shout through the shelves which startled the girl.
        Turning her head, Mirnada ducked as two gloved hands reached around a vase on a shelf, an officer in helmet glowering behind the mask of steel. "Halt!"
        Paying no mind to the guard in the next aisle of vases,  Mirnada dashed to the door. As soon as she neared the threshold, she saw an officer charging in after her.
        "Stop! You can no' get away!" He shouted through his metal helmet.
        Making a dash back through the potter family's store, she swiftly went down the small pathway between shelves of vases on display. The shopkeepers' and the customer's jaws all dropped at the sound of a dull bump from behind, and as she ran at them, a loud cacophony of crashing and tumbling turned Mirnada's attention back, and her mouth gaped as well at what she saw. 
        While the armored officers' made chase, one apparently had bumped a shelf in their haste, and as it toppled over, thirty or so vases slid to the floor. As they crashed in unison, bits of colored porcelain and clay fragments flew about, and the fallen shelf tumbled onto another, and that shelf crashed onto another, making a continual chain of the destruction.
        The policemen stopped a moment, aware of what damage they had caused, and continued to cause on its own as they paused to watched hundreds of priceless vases shatter sequentially, seemingly embarrassed of their own carelessness. Yet, they were surely furious to have been made such fools of merely by a troublesome thief, and ended their short repreive of looking at the spectacle they had made by making shouts of "Get the girl!" and "Just stop her!" and resumed their chase. They ran at her in what little walkway remained as shelves and vases fell by the dozens at a time, and the officers attempted to shout something at Mirnada over the sound of hundreds of vases breaking.
        Ignoring the chaos behind her and the shopkeeps and customer completely frozen and slack-jawed from what they were witnessing, Mirnada hopped up an over the counter, and went through door leading back up the stairs. 
        As she turned the corner, she startled at the sight of a balding middle aged man in white and blue common clothes standing there on a couple stairs above her. He looked gravely concerned, and at the sight of the girl he looked at her and held up his hand with a single gold wedding ring on his finger. "What in the name of all the Saints is happening in my shop!"
        Mirnada paused for a moment, but instead of answering his question she ducked under his arm, and ran up the stairs. Curses! I need a way out of here and fast!
        "Hey, this is my house! Get the 'ell out!" The man shouted with shaking anger up the stairs at the girl running from him. "I'm warning you! I'll call the townsguard!"
        "Step aside, citizen!" A policeman's commanding voice echoed up the stairway.
        "Dammit, th' cap jus' won't bugger off!" Mirnada made her way to the top of the stairs and turned around to see the lead officer marching his two other officers up the stairs after her, whilst the middle aged man pressed himself against the wall with his hands tossed up, his face of indescrible surprise painted pale as clay. 
        A large, earthern pot thick and glazed blue was on a stand beside her, and she knew that she would not regret what she was going to do, if the shop keeper would not miss one more vase. She lifted the heavy thing up, and turned to the staircase.
        Wide-eyed with horror, the balding shop owner raised his arms up at her in protest, "Put that down! Don't break one of my priceless artworks!" he beseeched up at her.
        Rolling onto the floor and down the stairs, the large blue pot tumbled down quickly, hitting against each step with  heavy force. The lead officer charging up the stairs stopped and braced his hands forward to catch the vase, and the policemen behind him stumbled forward over one another, and knocked the lead off balance. The heavy vase crashed against the lead as he blocked it, and backwards he tumbled, falling atop the two officers below him, and the three tumbled together down the flight of stairs. Plates of body armor clamored heavily one atop another as the officers landed one atop another, and the large blue vase landing atop them, and then rolled on the floor.
        "Good God! That nearly broke! Are you daft, girl?!" The balding shopkeep shouted at Mirnada, beside himself at what was unfolding within his home. He descended the stairs to check his vase, which surprisingly seemed to have not broken. "Fool girl! Breaking a masterpiece like that would have cost me a fortune to make another!" He stated as he inspected it for scratches, nearby the policemen began to their feet, although slowly.
        Sticking her tongue out and even having the nerve to blow a raspberry at them, Mirnada stood at the top of the stairs. That should buy me enough time to get long gone out of here. She started to run at the home's front door, and met with the looks of the entire family seated at the table, all with mouthes agaped, wide-eyed and silent. The girl ran past them and unlatched their front door and swung it open. She went out into the commons hallway, where not a person was in sight.
        Slamming the door behind her, Mirnada ran down the hall, trying at each doorknob she passed, and to her dismay, all were locked. "Ugh!" She exclaimed and looked down the stretching hallway, it went on until it turned at a corner out of vision in either direction. "'ow am I t'get ou' o' 'ere?" She asked herself worriedly.
        "She couldn't have gone far!" A shout boomed from down the hall, "Spread out and search!" A second shout commanded. The door at the end of the hall from whence she came started to open. 
        Mirnada gasped, then as she turned away, ready to bolt down the hall, a door nearby opened, and a man in his late-middle years stood in its threshold. He wore a long, open coat of dark green that nearly swept the floor, his vest vertical green and yellow stripes, and had a multitude of gold chains attached to loops in his vest, and various sizes of pocketwatches all hung from his sides. She turned to him as he stood there before his home placing a dark green top hat on his graying head, and catching himself in surprise when he saw the small girl standing before him. "Oh, I say!" He squinted at her through a pair of gold rimmed spectacles that looked tiny on his long nose. "Err, can I help you, lass?"
        "W-well," The girl stuttered, "Uh, y'see,"
        "After your arrest I'll ensure the harshest punishments  will be used to please my ears with the sounds of your screams, child!" Echoed a roar violently shredding the silence of the halls, and followed it charging down the hallway was a stampede of metal bootheels. The lead constable charged straight at her with the other two officers in tow.
        Facing back to the gentleman standing before his home Mirnada met his look of astonishment and answered, "As a mat'er of fact, aye, y'can!" she said with a bow, then pushed around him, dashing into his home. A din of mechanical clicking from hundreds of clocks hanging from the wall and arranged on table displays, each different with with seemingly similar craftsmanship. 
        "Hey! Who said you could enter my home? Get out!" The clocksmith demanded of the girl.
        Running past the various woodworked grandfather clocks with gilt dials of the sun and moon lining the hallway, Mirnada poured into a living parlor, vacant but full of the noise of ticking clocks. Ornate gold and silver chased clocks on end tables tick-tocked in the living parlor, but as she hadn't the time to admire them. 
        "Step aside, citizen!" A policeman's shout from the hall boomed into the home.
        "Good heavens!" Replied the shakey voice of the aged man, followed by the stomps of boots.
        Movement through a partially closed doorway caught Mirnada's eye, and she darted through it, approaching a dark haired workwoman in plain white liverly attire. She was bent before a basket of laundry, hanging smallclothes by clips on two lines of rope extending out the window. As she went to crank a pulley and rotate the drying clothes hung above the streets, she noticed Mirnada, and startled, but awaited her to speak, she seemed unsure if this girl were an execpected guest. 
        "In there! After her!"  An angry voice boomed in the living parlor and drowned out all the tick-tocking within the home.
        Hopping onto the windowsill and planting her two feet onto the ledge of the open window, Mirnada grabbed ahold of the laundry line connecting from one set of pulleys to another mounted against the wall of a building across the street. Another set of ropes with an assortment of clothes in sizes and colors hung from ropes just below, and the commonstreets were just a flight of stairs beneath them, but the height seemed much larger for the girl watching the people, smaller when seen from above. They were scurrying about within the bustling din of the steets and paid no mind to what was happening above them. Placing a shoed foot softly on the rope, it held her weight, and she carefully balanced her two feet on the clothesline as she held onto the one above.
        "Wh-what are you doing?" The servant girl inquired, worried at what the girl was doing for her safety. "That's dangerous, y'know!"
        "Halt!" The policeman in armor entered the laundry room and ignored the serving girl's shrieks, and ran to the window to grab the girl suspended above the streets.
        Shimmying with her life depending on it, Mirnada made her way sidestepping across the laundry line. She was thankful that she made enough space that she was out of arms lengths when the armored officer leant out the window to grab her, and he nearly fell out into the streets below in the attempt.
        "Get to the o'er side, now!" The lead constable commanded his officers, and back within they ran. The laundry girl stood there, and watched them flee, dumbfounded.
        Hands tight on the rope, Mirnada shuffled between hanging clothes, and gradually made her way across, and she tried not to think of the streets below. This was a horrible idea!  She hastened her shimmies, and unclipped a few articles of laundry which fell to the streets below. Nevermind that, just get across!
        A gust of wind caught the various clothes like a sudden sail, and the shake of the ropes shook her from her grip, and she fell. Grasping onto the lower rope, her hands tired but she strained to retain her grip. Fool, get ahold of yourself! She continued to swing across, the paved streets below an unkind reminder if she fell now, not even halfway across.
        Another jerk in motion of the ropes caught her off guard, but before she knew the source of it, she noticed she was  speeding forward in motion. Looking back as she gripped for dear life, she saw the servant girl at the crank turning the laundry line, and was helping her along to the other building.
        Why is everyone trying to kill me today!? Among other panicked thoughts crossed the young girl's mind, then the line jerked to a stop, the girl holding on white-knuckled.
        "Up there!" A shout familiar in its irritation came from below. "Don't let her escape!" A policeman commanded.
        Shouts and screams from startled citizens below grated against Mirnada's nerves, and she did not want to look down and see how many people were watching her dangling by a rope. An open window presented itself, and she swung into the second story of the building on the other side of the street.
        She landed in some sort of librarium storeroom, walls stacked ceiling high with shelvesfull of scrolls of parchment, aged as well as new looking books, glass bottles of black ink and cups of bundled quills. With murmurs of whispers coming past the stacks of inventory, Mirnada knew she was not alone within. In a glance out the window, the servant girl across the street stood in her window, gesturing at her to hurry.
        Mirnada donned her hood, and scurried past the inventory of what she figured was a scribery store. Two men stood by an open doorway, talking quietly about boring bookwork wearing dark robes and strange black hats, squares with flat tops and tassles, and both had different cuts of curled powdered wigs. She ducked between them as she ran, and they barely noticed her, and their conversation was barely interrupted as the intellectuals went right back to it.
        Finding herself in a hallway of closed doors with a railing over the first floor, she overlooked the lower area of the caligraphy store, there were dozens more shelves stacked with stacks of thin parchment pages, giant jars of ink, and book bindings. There were more men dressed as the other scribes, and they were all in rows at small tables, each with quills in hand scribbling fervently, transcribing all sorts of open books around them.
        A man stood at the top of a latter pouring cup fulls of ink from a large jar into smaller ones, Mirnada figured it was easier than having to carry one of the big jars down if one only needed a small amount of ink.
        "I say, is there some reason a gamine such as yourself,"
        The startle spun Mirnada 'round to a tall, elderly man dressed in similar black robes, white wig and square hat looking quite displeased.
        "is traipsing around inside of my establish-"
        A thunderous roar of footsteps stumbled around from somewhere, and startled her and the scathing old man. 
        "Act'ly, ah wuz jus' leavin' ah wuz." Mirnada said with a bow and turn, and ran down the staircase to the first floor.
        "Come back here at once you rude little vermin!" Came the shouts of the old man, which were rightfully ignored by the girl, but caught the attention of a few of the scribes at work, who did little else but turn their heads momentarily.
        At the base of the stairs she ducked beneath the ladder, mindful of the man above her, and stayed by the wall, looking around the room for an escape. A window open to street level was at the far end of the room, she had found her escape route, and made her way along the edge of the scribes' workshop.
        Mirnada noticed a narrow hallway to her right as she ran by it, but the instant she decided to pay it no mind, two metallic hands reached out for her and clamped her arms in a tight grip. "Got you, troublesome brat!" The officer said as he lifted her in the air from behind. "I have her! Cuff her!" 
        Twisting and turning in an effortful fit for freedom, Mirnada tried to pull herself out of the policeman's metallic grasp, struggling to shift her weight to slip away. Apples from her pockets tossed side to side and rolled about, murmurs of the scribes' concern layered with the sounds of the struggling arrest before them.
        Trying to hold the squirming child took an effort, but the lead officer held the girl kicking against him while his fellow officer held a pair of cuffs at the ready. "Come with us quietly! Or I'll snap your arms like little twigs!" The man twisted his grip over the girls arms to show he meant it.
        "Agh!" Mirnada shrieked, and gave up her fight as the man holding her twisted her arms behind her back. "Stop!!! I gi'e u'!" She shouted, then began to cry in short heaves. "Don' hur' meh anehmo'e! Ah'll ne'er do i' agai'!" She started bawling, putting herself completely at their mercy.
        "Oh, you won't. I shall make bloody sure of that." The officer flung her arms forward to the cuffs and she whimpered. He kneed her in the side, and Mirnada fell to her hands and knees, catching the wind knocked out of her. He knelt down and leant over her head threateningly, "Shut up! Now be silent, or I'll make you cry all you want tonight, sweetheart." He pulled her upright by her shoulders and he nodded to the officer, and he readied her bindings. "Now, put your hands out and submit to the authority of the Empire!"
        In a desperate motion, Mirnada flung herself forcefully to the ground, and swept her leg quickly across the floor, giving a sharp kick to the ladder holding the man atop of it, and the entire support swayed in balance. 
        "What do you think you're doing!?" The officer captain shouted at her, and grabbed her once more, then watched what was unfolding up above.
        Up above, the man on the wobbling ladder leant side to side to regain himself as the thing shook him. In a forward lurch he caught himself, and rested against the high shelf, but then that, too, began to shake. A few small objects such as scrolls and quills fell, but it was immediately unseen that at the top, the man had jolted the large, open bottle of ink and it slowly began to slide.
        Seeing the man was unharmed the lead officer shouted down at the caped girl he held down with his arm wrung around her neck. "You'll regret all the trouble you've caused!" 
        "Shite! I dare say, look out!" Shouted someone that Mirnada could not see. 
        The policeman turned his head upright to see what the commotion was, and a small downpour of black rain drenched the armored officer. A jar of thick glass landed atop his metal helmet with a sound clank, split on its pike, and shattered to countless shards as it hit the floor. Glass shards carried with a spreading pool of ink that stretched out beneath the desks and all the scribes' feet, they stood up and backed away from the mess.
        As Mirnada looked up on the angry intellectuals as they shouted angry disapprovals for interrupting their work, then she realized the captor holding her had let go, and when she pulled away from him, the officer fell to the floor in a daze.         The officer holding the cuffs turned to his partner of equal rank, "What are you waiting for! Grab the runt!"
        A step down the hall the other heavily armored officer charged at the girl with speed to tackle her, and the girl but merely hopped to the side on a dry patch of floor. The policeman, however slipped on apples, glass and inky slick, toppling over onto his fellow armored officer and they fell ontop one another, strugglin to get up in clamor of metallic clangs.
        This is too much, I'm out of here! The girl with the cape drenched in ink thought, and she leapt unto a vacated work desk as to not slip through the ink and glass. Unbeknowst to the child as she skipped from desk to desk, she left a trail of dark blue footprints over many a page of the scribes' handwritten books. 
        Making a final leap out the open window she landed in an open sidestreet scarce in people, away from the crowded streets open to businesses and bazaars. Tall ladders and stories of boards scaled a constructure of scaffolding alongside up a yellow brick building. A few people in common clothes wandered about the dirt road going on their way, and before any would take mind of someone who just came flying out of a window, Mirnada looked for another escape. She quickly made her way to the scaffolding and hopped up board to board, and at last at the top, climbed over the flat ledge spilling into an open rooftop. She shrugged against the short wall she scrambled over, folding herself over her sprawled out legs, panting deeply for breath.
        The city noise around the rooftops all but sounded it came from the furthest distance, although Mirnada couldn't hear much of it over the sound of her breathing and the blood beating to her ears. She recooperated from shock and disbelief of what had just happened, she had never come so close to being captured by the police of Tikour, she had always been able to outmaneuver them one step ahead of a chase. What all that had happened was a blur, and she didn't even want to try to recall any of it. She slumped back and filled her auburn eyes with the cloudless blue sky, slowing her breath.
        








        
        
        
        
        
        
        
                IV.1 Child of the Wild Streets


        A LONG-WINGED BIRD cut across the sky, and Mirnada followed the animal with her red flecked with brown eyes and took slower breaths. She could smell the cleaner air of  fields carried afar fram the higher winds, away from the faint familiarness of dust and dirt wafted up from Tikour's city streets below. Black droplets dripped from the brim of her hood, and she remembered she was soaking wet with ink. She scurried to get her cape off her, she didn't want to deem ruined yet as it was her only one. It lay on the flat cement rooftop in a lump in the corner, then as she remembered she had many apples within it, flopped it back open and went through the pockets.
        Inside the cape was dry, and thankfully the inner pocket wasn't wet with ink. When she reached within, however, there was a scarcity of how many apples she thought she had pilfered, and only one remained. "Huh? Oh bloody 'ell. All tha' work fer jus' one 'o 'em?" She held the fresh apple up to admire it in the sunlight, its green with yellow stripes glistened, completely unmarred by ink and dirt. She couldn't say the same for all the weeks of filth on her hands that beheld it. "Well, bett'r'n nuffin' I s'pose." She said as she bit into the first bite of the crisp, sweet apple, at last able to enjoy it.
        She sat up against one of the roof walls, admiring the view of the tall, smokey mountainranges in the distance as she ate. She could always see them when she was up on the rooftops, and even as uneducated as she was, she knew people called them the Mountains of Fire, and the emperor's palace was built surrounded by them. She wondered what the palace was like, how much treasure must be within, and the fabled High Aristocracy, nobility of the empyreal royal family.
        Of course she had never visited such places, merely told to her by her friends at the guild of young thieves she belonged to. They called themselves "The Hungry Gang" as they joked they had a sort of honor about not stealing anything but for food. But then, it was added to their young logic that if money could be stolen to purchase food, then unmissed trinkets could garner money thus procure food. Therefore, it was acceptable for them to steal anything, so long as it was for the benefit of the guild when they met at their secret hideout in an abadoned workshop, at the far end of town, away from current businesses.
        Thinking of such, Mirnada remembered she had a pouch of coin she stole off the old merchant, and reached within her trouser pocket to pull it out. When she did so, she noticed there was something else in her poke, and furthermore that the money pouch seemed heavier than when she first stole it. Curiously, she placed the pouch aside and reached in her poke once more to see what she had, and she dig into many cold metal objects.
        "Wha' in th' 'ell?" the girl muttered to herself, and pulled a small handful of jewelry, gold and silver rings, some studded with red and blue gemstones. Staring at them puzzled for a moment, let out a thoughtful "Hmm." then decided to think no deeper of when exactly she obtained them. "These musta ended up in mah pockets at th' bazaar." She guessed. She shifted forward on her knees to get a better look at the gemstone rings in the sunlight, and she felt a slight prick to her leg. "Ow!" she reached back within her pocket, and found a large object she hadn't noticed before, and pulled out a palm-sized brooch shaped like a swan, made of gold and embellished in a hoop of emeralds.
        She stared at the thing for a moment, and weighed its worth, and had enough of going over her treasures for now, and left them in a pile. "Well, ah know ah'll be jus' fine on food soon." Mirnada grinned with a satisfaction knowing she effortlessly still lived up to her title of most notorious thief in Tikour, tiresome as it was to maintain. "When ah get back to our hideout," She splayed back on the tiles, uncaring if she mussed her hair in rooftop dust. "Ev'ryone'll b'gawkin' o'er 'em, tot'lly aht a loss o' werds. Ah'll be th' one with th' mos' loot once ag'in fer shure!" She giggled in a large throw, rolling around in soot without a care in the world. She coughed and leant up, then stood quickly to her feet to dust her black hair off, pushing it out of her face, getting lungsfull of the fresh air.
        She could see all of Tikour from her rooftop view, square shaped building tops of various heights and sizes were scattered between cross streets. She could see block after block all the way into the next town over and the next, all separated by small inner city partition walls to differenciate the crammed together cities of different names. The outer city walls made of dark yellow stone surrounded all the cities as well as the entirity of the Pevali Empire and towered over her in the not too far off distance. She had never been outside of empryeal lands, much less the confining city walls as only travelers with either papers allowing them outside the walls or nobles with coin are allowed to pass them freely. Otherwise, the walls were said to keep the common townsfolk safe from invaders from the outside. 
        Mirnada, young as she was, never understood much of this, but knew she had hopes of seeing the outside world, and perhaps see a day where her and her guild did not have to steal day to day to survive. 
        She wandered around the rooftops, and took in all the sights and sounds of the sunny day. She had eaten mere scraps she had sifted through trash the night before, and the apple for breakfast sated her constant pangs of hunger, if only for an hour at most. She had a pocket full of treasure to feed herself and everyone in the Hungry Gang for weeks, and for a little while now as she stood high on top the town, she could enjoy the day without fear for her life or fear of hunger.
        Smiling to the sun, she stretched her arms out, intaking all the endless city scenery from the tall rooftops to the city walls and clouded mountains. The sun was bright as a summer's day and the sky was blue and beautiful and she felt at peace, having a moment to herself away from loud street crowds. The master thief watched people walk up and down the streets in the distance, and she giggled at her own cleverness, and thought fondly of her small piles of begemmed golden treasures. She had done so much good for her friends, they'll all be happy and not have to steal again, atleast for a while. She truly wished that they all could not have to steal at all, but she had never known a life to survive out of theft. One day, we'll be the ones ownin this town. Not that I don't already. But, still, I don't know why we even have to steal. Theres tons of apples to go around, aren't there? He had more than enough to miss what me and Adem stole. "Blimey, I di' forgo' all abou' 'im ah did! Oh, ah'll meet up wiff 'im la'er I s'pose. 'e's prolly made it down the nex' alley an' through th' sew'r 'atch an' b' lon' gone b'now." She assured herself, and fondly got back to thinking of what things she could provide for her gang once she hocked everything.
        Looking down the busy streets of Tikour, all the vendors were suddenly no longer places to steal from, and she became happy knowing she could soon buy all she needed from them with her own coin. I wonder what sauced meats and veggies are being cooked up in the streets today? "Ah think 'tis 'ndeed time fer noon sup." She grinned as she looked back to her treasure piles, and made her way away from the sounds of the busy streets far below her. 
        The clamor of people changed distinctly from street to street, from the merchants noisily shouting over eacher to peddle trinkets, to different softer cadences like cooing pigeons on paved streets catering gold to nobles overflowing with coin. Mirnada scoffed at the cacaphony of noise, and couldn't wait to gather her treasures up and finish her business in the markets. Probably vendors further within town where she hadn't caused a ruckus this particular day would be the best place to do her shopping. She snatched up the leathern pouch of coin she stole from the old merchant, and wondered how much coin was inside. Stolen money was usually more useful than trinkets, since those always had to be hocked first, and she would deal with that hassle once she had something else to eat. 
        The street noise was indeed loud and intense today, which was odd enough to distract even her from thinking of food. Some sort of disjointed yells and screams rising faintly from the streets above the usual dull murmur. She couldn't pinpoint where it was coming from, or convince herself that she had something to do with the disturbance below. The sounds of the town made the market streets seem like some sort of roar of untamed animals. "Wha' 'n th' 'ell is goin' on?" The girl looked at the bustling traffic around her, and it seemed that a few people were running to where she could hear a strange, shrill noise the loudest. Carrying the pouch of coin with her, the young girl moved along the edge of the rooftops, peering over its walls, trying to see where the commonfolk were going to.
        Hearing the strange noise again, Mirnada knew it to be a voice, but it didn't sound like anything but one, strained beyond normal recognition. There was a preponderance of the commonfolk crowding around three metal-clad men, and she recognized one unmistakenly by the dull glimmer of blue and black ink staining his suit of armor helmet to toe. She pressed her hands and leant herself against the short rooftop wall, in shock of what she saw. She recognized a boy in the middle of the crowd as well, even though she did not want to believe her eyes, it was Adem, his voice barely recognizable.
        Red eyes widening, Mirnada clasped her hands to her mouth, covering a shrill gasp. "N-, n-nay! They couldn't 'ave!" But they did, and she scorned herself right away if she dared deny what she saw.
        The crowd of commonfolk parted further in a bigger circle as the lead officer shook his helmet violently as he shouted loud enough that it was barely audiable to Mirnada's ears up where she was. Whatever he was shouting, the people deftly stood back from the boy with light hair and green eyes as he stood in a short shrivel with the breadsack on his back. Two officers stood behind him ready to tackle him if he dared run, and the lead officer stood over him, his voice roaring with loudness and thunder. 
        Adem moved not away except flinching and holding his hands up, making motions of defense and visibly, the boy was screaming in terror. But she could not hear him, only the shouts of the ink-covered officer whose commanding cadence drowned out the cries of the boy and the gaggle of mutters of the gathered townsfolk.        
        Run, Adem! Get away! The girl felt her vain yet hopeful thoughts of her friend escaping sink from her stomach to her feet as the boy was grabbed by the two officers. 
        In a short struggle the officers used more than enough force to subdue the small child, in the scuffle the boy's sack of stolen bread flung to the ground and loaves of various grain strewn out into the dirt streets. The lead officer with armor coated with dark-blue ink unsheathed a shortsword, golden hilted and decorated with a tassle for his rank as well. The two officers each planted a metal boot down on the boy, one on his back and the other on the back of his head. The two leant down kept Adem braced with their boots and held his arms back so the lead officer could ready his sword.
        The boy strained to turn his head with his neck under a boot, trying to glance over his shoulder, his green eyes peeled wide, tear and fearful.
        "Wh- what're th'gonnae do!?" Mirnada's trembling voice asked herself, hearing only stories of the law's punishment for thievery but never personally experienced it enacted. She shuddered and felt her breath freeze in her throat, fearing for her comrade's life, sharing his fear as she watched from above.
        At a commanding shout from their leader, the officer obeyed and in a twisting motion of an arm, one of Adem's hands was laid out against the metal plates of the policeman's protective boots. As the man's armored heel dug into the bones of the boy's back, the lead officer readied his decorated sword, and in a fell swoop, hacked but once. Blade met with boot metal, the boy's flesh sliced clean through the wrist, and blood spilt forth from a stump as the small fingers of Adem's lopped off hand curled lifelessly on the ground.
         The boy's face was strained to a horrible extremity as he screamed in pain, but Mirnada could not hear his voice over the roaring din that took over the market place at the sight of violent bloodshed. A horrible, loud raucous of men and woman, the elderly and the young, all shouting and hooting one gigantic sound in unison. A burst of roars carried in a single wave of tangled noise, one of approval mixed with revoltion, with wails of empathy for the poor soul, added by cheers of enjoyment for the spectacle of justice enacted thusly.
        Gulping a sharp gasp through her hands clasped over her mouth, Mirnada burst in a short scream as she began to cry into her hands. From terrified red eyes tears streamed down her face, sharp inhales made a tight wrenching in her gut and made a rock in her throat. 
        The lead Pevali armored officer in dark blue ink quaked his piked helmet as he shouted another command through the mask of metal, but he made sure he did so right before the boy's face. The boy winced back and shook and strained to no avail beneath the policeman's boots. An officer grabbed Adem's other hand, and readied his wrist to be cut up on the bloodied steel of the officer's boot as well. The lead officer readied his blade.
        Slumping down into a ball against the short wall, Mirnada could not bear to watch the gruesome sight anymore, and was beside herself with grief and helplessness. Her hands pulled at something in her grip tightly, and looking down she was reminded of the pilfered leathern pouch she held, and had pulled it open by its cords without thinking. Inside were glimmering coins of copper, as she once expected, but as the metal slunk and shuffled, she discovered two larger coins. The golden pair of Empyreal crowns had the regal face of Emperor Kilnero's likeness pressed into the gold, lifelike and seemingly staring back at her. Dazed by her surprise, she stared at the money she had, and further heard the price her friend had to pay. The crowd roared again, the same shouts of excited glee and groans of empathized disgust, she didn't understand why people enjoyed watching the awe and spectacle, no matter how horrible the justice enacted made one anomg them suffer. She had to look. She had to see what had happened, if Adem was still alive or...
        When Mirnada peered over the rooftop wall, the crowd was still thick as if all the bazaar crowds were standing there, yet they hurried to part ways. The lead officer covered in ink was walking down the streets towards her which startled her, but she assured herself that he could have just so happened to be going the same direction. She did not think the armored man could see her hiding from the few stories she was up. 
        The ink-covered lead officer turned his armored head slowly, as if meeting every eye of the crowd behind his metal mask, and hundreds of people hurried to part ways for him and the two following officers, one wearing a blood-stained boot.
        Mirnada felt the color leave her face as the officer held up high in his gauntlet the punished boy's severed hands dripping with blood, and showed it proudly to the crowd. He didn't seem to be saying a single word but people were jumping out of the way, and the volume of loud voices slowly started to lower.
        Desperately she scoured for Adem as fast as she could among the bazaar crowd, and trailing behind the armored townsguard, a wall of people moving in a frenzy marred her view, but there he was. The boy was writhing in the dirt, his mouth gaped and Mirnada could barely hear his animalistic shrieks and groans as he held bloody stumps for wrists out before his eyes. She wanted to run to his side, but what could she do? How could she possibly help him now?
         A small group of four young children emerged from the crowd, circling around Adem. Mirnada recognized them as thieves as they were clad in dirty common clothes. They're from that useless lot who wouldn't bother to help me in the alleyway, why are they trying to help now after its already too late!? Will they never learn how to lend aid to fellow thief when they need it?! She scorned them for their stupidity equally as her own, criminals were supposed to watch out for eachother. Honor amongst thieves required it, too many grim tales she heard passed between those who had to steal to survive, all warning of hands hewn or necks noosed. A harsh lesson learned for her, even harsher for her comrade.
        While she reminisced of the thieves' codes of honor in her outrage, she held her mental tongue in shock. The thieves' picked up the scattered loaves of bread off the earth, and the flung open jute sack, gathering what was left inside. In the next moment they scurried off, leaving the handless boy behind to bleed in complete disregard.
        Inablity to comprehend what she saw paralyzed her thoughts, everything she had ever been taught about how to survive and how many times thieves have helped her out to get away. She started to entertain revolting thoughts of what she saw could mean, how they waited for the police to be gone before they stole the bread for themselves. They encircled him like vultures! They eagerly waited to snatch all what we earned for themselves!? We would have shared if they had helped! If they but asked!! Mirnada tried to logicalize what she had witnessed, but nothing she had ever learned could help her make sense of this blatant betrayal. She knew she had to gather her nerve and do what she could for Adem. He was alive and needed help, and no one esle would. She desperately thought how she could help him now. "I-I got'a get 'im to a doc." Medical attention was the only thing she knew would save him. If a doctor saw his wounds, perhaps he could help if she paid him the gold she held. If he understood what happened, maybe he would help Adem, and take this coin. If its not enough, I still have my loot. However the reality struck her of rumors that doctors were not supposed to help her kind, but she had to try. She needed to help even if she failed. 
        She stood over the rooftop wall, and made note of where Adem was in the crowd, easy to spot at with how many people would would not walk near him, but busily darting around him. Heads turned away, common folk and nobility parted alike, and started away back to where they had been driven astray from shopping the bazaars. She tried to put her disgust for the crowd aside, and looked at the gold coins she held within a pouch in her hands.
        Her vision of the glimmering gold blurred, marred by tears that fell one another on the coins. Mirnada sobbed but stifled herself, wiping her tears aside on her shirtsleeve. I haven't the time to waste feeling sorry for myself. Get down there now, Mirnada, you dolt fool! She scorned herself and refound where Adem was in the distance, standing wearily among the thinning out streetcrowd, bright green eyes weeping into bleeding, handless stumps.
        A huddled figure in long, filthy rags leapt from the darkness of an alleyway,  the face of a long-nosed, old crone peaked out of her hood. Her unkempt white hair spilt from her shoulders down to the dirt and shuffled through her bare feet as she weaved through the crowd, attentions poised straight onto Adem.
        "Wh-wha' do' th' hag-witch want wiff 'im!?" Mirnada asked herself panged with worry. She flinched in fear and uncertainty as she watched her helpless friend be approached by the strange old woman.
        With one swoop, the old crone grabbed the boy under her arm, and looked over her shoulder and scornfully eyed the crowd with hateful, pale-blue eyes. The boy struggled weakly against her and she turned back to him and shouted something shrill that Mirnada couldn't make out. In the next moment, her ragged clothes furled, and she darted down a gap in the street and through another dark alleyway. Adem was gone from sight.
        At a sharp inhale of chill breath, the girl felt the ties to all hope she had to do anything for her friend torn from her. Gathering her strength with a mouth parched with sorrow, Mirnada muttered "Adem...!" As she felt the pain of her heart break. The handful of coins and all the treasure she had could do nothing for him. To worsen to her reality, she knew she would be treated the same way one day as well. Thoughts of all she had ever done, and memories of having to learn to steal to survive crashed down and she was doomed to share Adem's fate as well one day. Mirnada's hand tightened angrily around the pouch of stolen gold, cursing herself for her ever taking it.
        "I wouldn't imagined it would have been so difficult to locate one child in this tiny city." A man's voice stated astutely a few steps from behind Mirnada, with a loud emphasis to announce himself.
        Tossing her hands into the air in surprise, Mirnada spun around in the rooftop dust so quickly she nearly fell over herself into the small cloud of dirt arising from her feet. Gasping a harsh breathful of dust, she had a bit of a coughing fit while frantically searching for words to say to the man who snuck up on her. 
        The dust around her cleared and she focused on the large man standing over her, his shadow blocking out the afternoon sun. Mirnada's eyes adjusted to the sun's glare, and a middle aged man built huge with muscle stood, a draped orange cape fluttered in the wind behind him. The wrap of bright cloth hung around his neck, fastened to a gilt lion's head buckle on his shoulder, parting around a brown tunic stretched over chest and arms bursting with muscle. A rope belt tied around black breeches draped loosely over proportionate legs that could support the hulking man, tucked into long socks, worn under leather sandal-shoes. His long hair of dark silver shone dully in the sun, and fell down to his broad shoulders holding up folds of his cloak. He moved closer and what startled Mirnada even more about him was the red eyes flecked with brown that he had, a striking simularity to her own she was recognized for.
        "Although, you are hardly an ordinary child." The man spoke fondly as if he knew her, "And yet, this small city has so many people tightly packed into one place. It was a wonder I found you today of all days." The man gave a slight, compassionate smile across a face of that looked as though it could have been cut from stone. The tone of his skin was also tanned as if soaked full of the sun like the young girl's.
        "Who in th' bloody 'ell ar' yew!?" Mirnada shouted once she had the breath to, but as she said the words she realized she no longer held the pouch of gold, and it was no where in sight before her. "Wha' th'..." She spun around and flung herself against the rooftop wall and peered over the edge, and widened her red eyes in horror. 
        Directly above the busy bazaars, the pouch fell to the streets below, and just in the middle of a parting crowd marched several armored policeman, lead by the one completely drenched in glistening dark-blue ink. The leathern cord of the pouch hooked around the pike atop the lead officer's steel helmet, and hung before the metal mask's sight bars. The officer in dark blue ink reached up a gauntleted hand and snatched the pouch off its cord, then turned his attentions up, shaking the money pouch and pointing at Mirnada looking down at him. "You dare mock the empire, you filth!?" His voice roared up through the din of the market crowd, strained with exacerbated fury.
        Flinching a large step back, Mirnada backed away from the rooftop wall and turned to face the mysterious man who had startled her. "No' look wot yew did!" She tried to fight off tears of rage that flowed freely with the shock of being discovered, and now had someone to direct all the misfortune of her day at. "All mornin' ah've been tryin' t' give 'em th' slip bu' yew g'ahead and ruin i' all!" She wiped off her tears which left long smudges of dirt across the young girl's face. She approched the man who had snuck up on her and now flung his hands up defensively, she thought she recognized him for a fellow thief, but one lacking of honor for the code. "Fer wot? Di' ye' wan' a part o' wot ah stole or ah'll 'ave t'run from y'too?! Well g'luck wiff tha',  if y' thin' you'll ge' any' coin now, y'bloody fool's dumber than 'ell! All th' watch'll b'yup 'ere to t'deal wiff yew too s' y' jus' doomed yerself, wha'ever y'were plannin'." She gestured as if she were clapping her hands at him mockingly, and when he met her with a blank stare lowered his hands as if he took her less seriously now. She angrily scorned what she was doing as a lack of her own seriousness of the situation, then continued on chastising the mysterious man for breaking code. "Don't y' kno' any o' wha' thieves' do aroun' 'ere? Laike, donnae e'er sneak u' o' someone's hidin' spot?!" The dumbfounded stare the man with red eyes gave back frustrated her to the point it was a waste of time to talk to him any further. "Feh! was'e 'o time y'are." A ringing of a bell sounded in the not too far off distance, a sort of warning for when a threat to the common people is about.
        She turned and poked her head off the rooftop wall to the streets below to see the cause of the alarm, the townsguardsmen tromping around the streets below her. The armored officers filled the streets, at least ten were in a knot around the lead officer awash in dark-blue ink, and parted at his command. The armored guards spread out to surround the building, and three charged within from the streets.
        Mirnada glowered and turned back to the mysterious man with hatred trying to push past sadness in her eyes, "N' ma'er now! I 'ad a day o' peace n' quie' t'look forwar' t' b'fore y' muck'd e'erything u'!" She gave him an incredulous look, anger clashing with sadness restrained by wonder if she should even be lashing out at this person she just met.
        The man's tan, stoney face did not change much in expression, and he gave thoughtful pause, possibly weighing the girl's words. He gave her an unwavering stare from his red eyes that gave Mirnada a strange feeling, she then realized she had never seen anyone else in the city in her lifetime who also had eyes and skin akin her own. He stood and yet said nothing, but looking at her, completely uncaring of what might happen when the townsguard would find them. 
        "W-well?!" She pressed him angrily, "Nothin' t'say fer yerself?!" She could feel the faint vibrations of the rooftop rumbling beneath her feet, the marching of the officers' boots advancing up flights of stairs. "Argh! They're righ' u' on us!" She looked to the other rooftops to judge the gap with hopes she could jump across, but even for her the distance would be impossible and the likely fall deadly. "If ah coul' jus' get away fro' th' guard fer jus' a lil' while ev'rythin' woul' set'le down some and ah coul' get back to th' gang." And have to tell them what befell Adem today. She coldly reminded herself she would be doing a sad duty to her friend if she could even show her face to her friends again.
        Giving a thoughtful nod to her, the man seemed to be weighing her words, and spoke calmly as if nothing in the world was amiss. "Would it not be easier to live a life without constantly running away, always in fear of punishment?"
        A struck nerve made unwanted words surface, and Mirnada turned to the man with anger widening her auburn eyes. "O, yea! I' woul' b' naice woul'n't?! W'll guess wut, y'jus' maide mah laife a helluva lot hard'r!" She motioned to the wall of air around the rooftops. "Yer a fool's fool if y'thinkin' o' gettin' away from th' guard! We be trapped laike cornered rats!" She startled at the sound of a rush of stomps ending abruptly beneath her, followed by a pounding up on a square hatch of metal built into the rooftop. 
        "Open this door!" A voice bellowed from below.
        "Trapped as rats we may be, but the armored cats have yet to feast."
        With a grunt of frustration, Mirnada turned back to meet with the strange man. "This ain't th' taime fer stupid sayin's!" She startled again when he knelt down to meet her face to face, his red flecked with brown eyes looked deeply in to her own. "Bloody 'ell! Wha' d' y'want from me?" She wanted to jump a step back but she stood her ground, showing she was unafraid of him and much less didn't want to be around him. Who does he think he is!? She frowned fiercely.
        A clicking of metal with a commotion of loud mutters came from the door embedded in the rooftop floor, signaling nothing good.
        The huge man made a smirk at her, "If you swear your life to me, I shall take you all away from the slums of here." He looked off for a moment as if staring past the gigantic empereal walls encircling Tikour as well as all of Pevali. "Far, far away from here." He said with some sort of relief to his voice.
        "What are you talkin' abou'?!" Mirnada said very slowly in case the man was daft.
        The metal hatch flung open with a clang against the rooftop tiles, and a townsguardsmen emerged, clad in steel armor, followed by two in his command, one with a bloodied boot and the other with bloodied gauntlets. Dark blue ink glistened over the leader's high stripes of rank, and he heaved heavy breaths through his helmet. The lead officer had a jute sack grimly stained with blood tied to his belt, and the guardsman trio followed his advancement and stopped when he stopped. He thrust out his gauntleted hand and held out a familiar small leathern pouch, "Did you lose something, sweetheart?" he flung the bag of stolen coin to the ground before her angrily. "How your unfortunes double as I have found you in turn, and may God have mercy on your soul." He rest his hand on a set of handcuffs by the gilt hilt of his officer's sword.
        "Your life is mine, if I can save it. That is fair considering the alternative, aye?" The mysterious man stood upright and with a furl of his orange cape, faced the approaching guardsmen to meet them. He seemed to be almost as tall as one of the men including their full armor, standing still as stone just a stride or two before them.
        Standing beside the tall, hulking man didn't make Mirnada feel any better about the townsguard having the both of them cornered. "What're y' doin'! There's no' a chance o' reasonin' with 'em!" She shouted up at him. He may be a fool out of his mind but I sure as hell am not! She grumbled under her breath, and thought how she could possibly escape.
        "You there! Step aside from the girl!" The lead officer shouted and shifted in his armor, motioning at the large man standing tall over Mirnada. "She is a wanted thief and should you interfere with Pevali justice you shall suffer the same punishment as her!" The other two officers stood at attention by his side to show reinforced his words with all seriousness of duty.
        "Good Officers," Said the mysterious man, "Should I let you take this young girl into custody, would you not show her the same kindness you showed the young lad earlier?" He pointed at the bloody jute sack dripping down the man's inked armor.
        "That is none of your concern." Muttered the metal man. "Step aside, or you're under arrest as well!" He shouted.
        Scouring for a route of escape, Mirnada saw the lump of filthy rags in a distant corner reminded her where she had discarded her cape after she ascended the scaffolding. I can make my escape down and out of here if need be. I'm not caught yet, but this fool better not piss off the police and make it any more difficult for me than it already is! She grunted watched the adults argue, but the man just stood there without a response for the officers. Is he trying to make them madder?!
        "Argh! You too shall be taken in to custody, you're highly suspicious, attempting to help a criminal, and are interfering with empereal affairs." The lead officer stepped forward and grabbed the decorated hilt of his sword, brandishing just a glint of steel. "You are both under arrest under Pevali Law. Submit to my authority or die!"
        "Well, I certainly choose neither of those options." The large man grabbed at a buckled leather strap clasped on his shoulder and with a furl of vermillion hues in the sunlight, folded his orange cloak up, and tossed it to Mirnada in the same motion, which she caught by instinct and it draped over her arms. "Hold this," He took a step towards the officer trio, then turned his head over his muscled shoulder to add, "and don't let it get dirty."
        Before Mirnada could protest to the audacious request, the sonorous sound of metal brandished startled her, and the officers had drawn their blades at the man who approached them. "D'ya ev'n kno' who y' are y' dealin' with?!" She shouted to plead the strange man to listen to reason. "Lis'en y' 'are-brain'd foo', y' don't even 'ave a s'ord, if yer unarmed, 'ow are y' supposed t'-" She helplessly held the man's brightly colored cloak tightly to her in frustration as he walked away from her with no ear for her words. What is he thinking!? Making a sacrifice of himself?! Why do I have to hold his cloak! Although it isn't that heavy and the fabric is very fine, but I haven't any business in holding his clothing for him! Yet she wasn't going to throw such a fine thing away and she certainly didn't have one anymore, but bright colors attract so much attention, something she wished she had less of. She pondered on what to do while she still held the strange man's orange cloak as he approached the armed officers.
        The officer stained in ink swooped his blade, holding it towards the strange man into a threatening stance. "You'll regret challenging the law!" The officer roared, and he charged forward. In a fluid motion the muscled man swept his hand openly in a chop against the metal gauntlet the lead officer swung his sword in. 
        Mirnada blinked when she swore she saw a small yet bright burst of vermillion light where the man struck the armor over the officer's wrist, and her mouth gaped when the officer's gilt blade was knocked right out of his grip and fell to the ground. "Wha' d'ya think yer doin'!?" She yelled at the top of her voice to the group of fighting men, but directed at the man fool enough to attack them.
        Before the girl had finished shouting, the large muscled man kneed the lead officer in the stomach, making another small sphere of bright light flare up then wink out instantly, leaving a large dent into his inkstained armor and with the man doubling over. In the large, unarmed man's next motion, he spun on the heel of one of his sandals, and with the other, delivered a kick to the officer's chest that made a huge burst of dissipating orange light. The man with ink-stained armor's helmet jolted off his head from the impact, and lifted into the air, launched backwards, and hurled across the building in an arc, off and over the edge of the rooftop walls. 
        With wide auburn eyes of bewilderment, Mirnada followed the man in heavy armor fall down to the streets below, and leant over the wall to watch him crash into a merchant's display, crushing a vale of vegetables and fruits and sending some flying into the air themselves. In the impact, the officer utterly destroyed the table as he lay splayed out on in his dented armor, his blue eyes wide open, fixated blankly at the sky, and face stretched wide with shock. He twitched as if he tried to stand, but after he had fallen from about three stories it was no wonder that he seemed he could not move, but a small wonder if he will survive the fall. 
        His helmet rolled against the dusty roof tiles and clanged against one of the nearby walls, drawing Mirnada's attention back to the other two officers, blades drawn, encircling the mysterious man. They stood on either side of him, arms poised ready to strike. "Y' mad fool!" She cried out at him. "What are y' doin'?!" He looks strong, but no one could toss someone in full armor over like that! He's completely unarmed, but what was that strange flash of light!? Bloody hell I want to be around this no more! She looked around for some other route of escape, but she merely clung his cloak tighter to her chest.
        Without warning, one armored officer after another swung their swords followed by an attack roar. The large man in strange clothes ducked beneath their blades in a quick reflex, and their parried metal met with a clang. The man leapt just a foot above the ground, he twisted himself and an orange light engulfed his legs, then spun around in in a full circle. He executed a sweeping kick to both the armored officers legs, and completely knocked off their balance with one officer falling forward and the other toppling backward. The effulgence of orange light faded out the tips of the muscled man's feet as he landed, then reappeared in a bright flash around his arms. Balling his hand into a large fist, he struck at the helmet masking the armored man, striking a deft dent to the metal, and sent the man on his way falling backward. As the man in the metal suit landed with a heavy clang, he slid back against the rooftop tiles, and continued until slamming against the short wall in a large plume of arising dust. 
        Mirnada stood agast as the punched officer stopped nearby her, caught by the wall, just short of falling to the streets as well. As the plumes of dust dissipated, she realized he was unconscious, with a large dent buckling his helmet and sizable cracks forming in the yellow bricks in the wall that caught him. What disbelief she felt continued as she saw the mysterious man kneel down to the officer who had fallen forward, squirming to somehow stand back up. 
        The man pulled the officer's helmet off, and with the absence of any strange flashes of light, grabbed the back of the armored man's head and hammered it once against the rooftop tiles. After a harsh smacking sound, the officer struggled no more, knocked out cold. As if he had just done the easiest thing in the world, the mysterious man stood upright and turned back to the young girl.
        Mirnada stood there completely dumbfounded, clutching his cloak. The mysterious man walked casually towards her with his silvery hair swaying in the wind behind him and a cool calmness to his stoney face, looking as though nothing out of the ordinary had transpired. As if two officers of the Empyreal Townsguard did not lay unconscious before her by his hand. As if another armored man in the streets below was not delivered there by his foot. He did away with three policemen completely unarmed! But how!? That strange light!? What sort of trick was that!? The tall, mysterious man leant over her expectantly, and she stared straight up at him, auburn eyes wide with fear and uncertainty. "Stay awa'! Y'tell me wha' in th' bloody 'ell d'you want fro' me!? Ans'er!" She met with his red eyes, refusing to show any inkling of fear to him.
        "Well," The man reached his hand towards the girl and she defensively flinched away, then he motioned towards the vermillion cloth she wadded together in a tight bunch. "My cloak would be nice, for a start." 
        The girl looked down, she forgot she held the thing, and loosed her grip. "O-oh." Mirnda said wryly, feeling slightly a fool. Well why didn't he say so sooner! She held it up to offer it back, still defiantly staring up at him.
        The man took it from her and examined the orange cloth for dirt, gave it a shake to unfurl it, and draped it back over his broad shoulders, pulling it tightly through the lion's head buckle. "Thank you. Now, as I was saying-"
        "Aye! Y'were sayin' 'ow y'want'd t'save m'life an' I thank ya kindly. Now ah'll jus' b' on m'way." Darting around him, Mirnada began a sprint towards the lump of rags where she could escape down where she remembered the scaffolding was. She made it barely a couple of steps before the man braced his humongous hand on her shoulder, and without any force, kept her from moving a hair more. She stopped trying to run and glared up at him, giving him a look that she meant she was done dealing with him. "So, if you'll jus' le' m'be on m'way." She explained once more in case the man would listen to her that she clearly wanted to be left alone.
        "We had a deal, if I recall correctly." The man said in a low voice, calm and without irritation. "I believe that if I saved your life, you were to come with me." 
        She backed away from him, and he took a step forward. "Bloody 'ell y' bloody fool! Why can't y' com're'end any o' wha' ah'm sayin'?! Leave. Meh. Alone!" Mirnada said as threatening as she thought she could allow to someone who just rendered unconscious three armored men. A noise in the not too far off distance caught her attention, a consecutive ringing of one of the city's bells to sounded only when there was an emergency, and seemed to echo from every direction. The Townsguard would be rallying together after discovering their leader unconscious in the streets. Great! She grit her teeth at him, the alarm sounded her doom and narrowing her chances of escape greatly. But the man who caused all her problems didn't seem to know or even care about that, so she continued her defiant stare as if she could not hear the sounds of organized distress. It was none of his business, and his fault moreover, and she obstinately pretended that it wasn't even happening.
        The large, mysterious man studied her for a moment with that unshifting expression on his stoney exterior, then there rose a touch of heat to his seemingly unmoving face. He looked nearly the same and spoke calmly, but spoke to her in a tone of dire seriousness. "And where would you go? Back to the streets? To continue to live your life day to day, stealing to survive, in constant fear of death, imprisonment and torture? Is that truly how you wish to live? I think not." He sounded as though he was trying to not sound harsh, holding in frustration with her.
        I'd return to the Hungry Gang empty handed to tell them what had happened to Adem, and that I was careless and set off the town alarm to alert every policemen in town to hunt for me. She grunted in frustration. If every townguardsmen is stirred up and about, how will I even make it back to the hideout? Mirnada fought back welling up tears of anger. The man struck her deep with his ignorant words, ill timed talking of all the fears of punishment that have been a part of her every day. "An' wha' d' yew know!?" The girl thought the man incredibly tactless to be speaking about her life so familiarly and plainly at a time like this. "Yew kno' nothin' o' 'ow ah've suffer'd! Nothin' o' wha' its laike t' live this way! Why botha comin' t' me t' tell m' all this? T'make yerself feel betta? Yer o'viously a noble o' some kind, n' wit' wha'ever fancy magery y' used t' 'elp y' thwart th' law, y'can do wha'ever ye laike. Well not meh! S' go away! I c'n 'andle m'self!"
        "You do indeed take care of yourself, and aye! With magick!" The hulking man stated, staring down at her auburn eyes with his own. "You share the same blood as I, the same magicks, our peoples' heritage. In fact, your infamy in town is garnered over the years with the law is because you have these special talents to survive and evade them, all without even knowing it."
        "Jus' stop wiff this nonsense! Leave m' be an shu' up! I got nothin' t' do with yew!" Tears streamed openly down her face, the city alarms ringing unyelding, and her unable to take anymore talk of herself and her supposed magick. What is he talking about?! I merely just gave the police the slip! If I had real power, I could have done much more! I could have even saved Adem... She gasped for air making a shrill squeak, reminded of him and how hopeless she felt, being truly powerless even if she was imfamous.
        The mysterious man knelt down to her, meeting her eye to eye. "Listen to me. I can take you away from here, to live a life free of fear and you shall never have another memory of having to steal."
        She whimpered and sobbed more, unable to withstand anymore of the man's words, callous to all she had lived through.
        The mysterious man grunted and his eyes softened with sympathy. "Lass, we will truly be in trouble soon if we do not escape the city walls. I beg you, Mirnada! You must come with me!"
        Firming her look through tear stained eyes, her voice cracked as she spoke to him. "An' jus' 'ow d'you know m' name!?"
        "I know many, many things." He stood upright and crossed his huge arms. "I happen to know the name of the most talked about thief in Tikour only as a passersby these last few days. What I did not know until I sensed your use of magick is that we share blood." 
        The alarm bells in the distance stopped and the bustle of the town seemed to have come to a halt. A furious roar of commands echoed up the walls of the buildings of the market place, the sound heard nearly everywhere around the rooftops.
        "I also know that neither of us will be safe unless you come with me at once." Deep concern stretched his face as he looked off to the distance again, he looked truly worried he would have to fight off more than even he could handle.
        The girl heaved a big sigh and gulped, calming her crying. Do I really have a choice? I have to go with him and leave without even saying bye to the gang? Is this what they call fate? Her eyes swept across the pile of stolen trinkets, completely undisturbed in the corner when she looked up on them. Who will take care of them with Adem and me gone? She looked up at the mysterious man with red eyes indeed like her own, and reminded herself of what the man said about her possessing the same blood and magick as him. She new nothing of herself or the world beyond her young life as a thief in Tikour, and this man promised her a new life and to learn of herself. Well I ain't a fool. If we have no time to waste and I have no choice, that's enough to call it fate, I guess... "Faine. I guess ah coul' go wit' yew." She crossed her arms. "You jus' keep yer end o' this deal." Affirming that she decided to go with him only deigned worthy by her whim alone.
        A grin swept across the man's stoney face, "Then let us hurry off!" He grabbed her hand and they darted across the rooftop towards the scaffolding built alongside the building.
        Ignoring her old cape, Mirnada looked down into the narrow, shaded road off of the main market streets. There weren't any guards to be seen yet, and she and the strangely clad man took their chance and climbed down the scaffolding platforms. She held her hopes that he would not get them both caught.
        Down into the street, the strange man opened up his cloak, having taken a hue of dark orange in the shade. "Climb on to me, and don't make a sound." He lowered one of his mammoth arms nearly the size of her, easily able to hold on to. 
        Mirnada gave up resisting the man and put herself in his trust. Not a choice and not a moment to second guess. She reminded herself as she grabbed onto his arm, and he completely draped her in his cloak. 
        "Oh, and by the by." The man lifted the cover a moment, "My name is Marshall. Hold on now, and keep quiet." He draped her again and started off. 
        And with that, she held on to his arm and ducked her head against Marshall's chest. She stared at his feet from under the furls of his cloak, walking through the street as he carried her off leaning forward as if he were a giant huddled hunchback. Where is this 'Marshall' taking me? Can we even make it out of the the city? What does it look like outside the walls? What will become of the gang? Were a few of the myriad of thoughts that passed through her mind, one after another. Her thoughts froze when she heard the enclosing stomps of the townsguardmen echo throughout the alley. 
        "The building is surrounded, sir!" Shouted an officer running past them.
        "The little wretch couldn't have gotten far! Nary a man rests until the girl is found!" A metal voice deep with hatred snarled from behind them.
        She could peek out from the front of his cloak, and neared where she could see the light of late afternoon filling the marble streets of the nobles' marketplace, the usual loud din of busy traders was a muted whisper.
        "Hey you! The big guy!" A shout far behind them made Mirnada flinch, and she held her breath without moving another muscle.
        Marshall stood there, and turned his head over his shoulder. "Aye, officer? What is the problem?"
        "There is a dangerous thief causing mayhem about. Tell an official if you see a scullerly girl with blood red eyes akin to a bloody rabbit's!" The voice shaking with anger shouted.
        "Aye, officer. I shall do just that." The man carrying her replied, hiding the color of his own eyes by continuing on.
        He kept a steady pace before turning the next corner into the paved market streets, then proceeded to a walk as fast as inconspicuousness would allow.
        Feeling as though she would faint, Mirnada breathed once again, and held on tightly to Marshall as he darted around people through the streets. 


        After some time they entered the shadow of the outer city walls, arched over a large metal grated gate. There, merchant carts entering and exiting the city limits were inspected and travel papers checked, however it seemed as though all the city traffic had come to a stop from all the bedlam and commotion. 
        Two large wooden arched doors lay open to a horse and a carriage suitable for a fine nobleman within a stables built into the yellowstone wall. As soon as Marshall was within the walls, the huge doors closed behind him by two stablegrooms in plain white and brown common clothes. Another at the carriage tended to the dapple giving the mare a brush, and the stagecoach in his seat above the inner cart alredy had the reins in hand.
         The bearded coach man in black suit topped with a plumed head cap spoke with a familiar fondness to Marshall as he made his way to the carriage. "Mi'lord, you walk as though you are tiresome! Come come, your papers have been checked, please rest while we head home." Said he.
        "Aye, thank you for the concern." Marshall spoke with relief in his voice.
        Blimey! Just how rich is this guy!? Mirnada wondered with an amazement simply for the many interesting turns her day was taking.
        The stablegroom opened the door for the nobleman in the orange cloak and knelt meekly, lowering his face without saying a word.
        Leaning partially into the inner carriage, Marshall lowered Mirnada inside a luxurious interior, and she let go of the man's muscled arm with her own hands tiring. She sat on an small velvet couch with overstuffed cushions and looked out the open carriage door.
        The groomsman looked up off the ground having noticed Marshall trying to sneak someone in to a carriage bound out of town who hadn't had their papers checked. A look of unexpected worry struck his face when he turned to Mirnada. He seemed to have recognized her for who and what she was, and showed even greater fear to Marshall for housing her.
        Oh great! The girl thought to herself. He brought me this far only to slip up now? Mirnada froze still as if movement itself would incriminate her further and awaited on the edge of her seat for half a sign of danger, ready to run.
        "Say, good man," Marshall spoke in a hushed whisper to the horsegroom before he could speak a word of protest. "Keep word of this from your friends for me, aye? If only to help things to stay simple." 
        The man's face was in shock to be talked to by someone considered to be of a much higher class than he, and of something of sneaking someone through the boundries without a permit. "But, my lord, whatever it is you intend to do, if you are found out you may be able to buy your freedom with coin. However, if a lowly slave such as I was found to be involved, I would surely be put to the sword. For my family, I beg your pardon, but I can not-" He cut himself off, the look of unimaginable worry creasing the man's face as he looked up, beseeching Marshall with outstretched hands, pleading.
        "Hmm... Ah, aye, I nearly forgotten." The nobleman in the orange cloak announced just barely loud enough for all in the stables to hear. "Here you are good sir, for your troubles." He pulled a leathern pouch out of his trouser pocket, and firmly placed it into the man's hands, then knelt down in a whisper. "Buy your freedom. This should be enough to take your and your family far away from here."
        The groomsman stared down at the pouch in disbelief, and as he pulled at the cords, the glints of empyreal gold filled his eyes widening with even greater bewilderment. The man stared up at the rich nobleman, gawking in awe with his mouth gaped open at his genorocity. "My thanks to you, kind, noble lord." He said simply as he took the money, calming his nerves as best he could as Marshall ducked through the carriage's tiny doorway.
        Was that not the same coin pouch I swiped from... Mirnada's thoughts trailed off with curiosity at Marshall's cleverness as she watched the large man enter, his broad body nearly filling all the space within the interior. As he sat, taking up the entirity of an overstuffed couch of equal size across from her, the groomsman closed the carriage door and words of readiness passed between coach and grooms.
        "All set then?" A stable groom's voice asked. "Well then, let us open the gates."
        Pressing her face against a transparent screen of black cloth laid against a thatch of wood lattuces, Mirnada stared eagerly out of the carriage's window. The groomsmen pulled at the large metal bars keeping another set of big wooden doors locked. Her eyes nearly popped out of her head when the arched doors opened, revealing a road winding across grassy countryside in the late afternoon sunlight. 
        The carriage jerked and she fell back into the cushions of the couch, and realized for a moment that she was actually in a noble's carriage and was seeing what was outside of the city walls for the first time in her life. What is happening? Where is he taking me? Am I really leaving the city? Really leaving Adem and the gang behind? She looked up at Marshall with a serious look, demanding answers to the questions she just asked herself, but she refused blurt out frivilous questions like a scared child. She stared back curiously through the carriage's window screen letting in the late sun's golden light. Within walls of the empire and its cities were all she had ever seen of the world, and now she saw the huge yellow brick walls from the outside, in awe of how they trailed on and on into a distance. She wondered how much land of the empire was contained within those walls as she took in the landscape of the open country fields as she moved through it in a horse-drawn carriage as if she were a noble. She noticed a long line of mercantile carts and common folk trailing down another long road, all traffic that went in and out of the large metal gates on a daily basis.
        "Ah, out of the city at last." Marshall stated breathily in relief, with a sort of sympathy for the girl he took with him. "We're taking a side route away from the common traffic. Just the open fields and a few small farming villages to pass on the way, then we'll be at my home tonight."
        Taking her eyes off the fields of green grass blowing in the wind, Mirnada met with Marshall's stare, a near smile breaking on his face she once thought made of stone. "An' where is this 'ome y' speak of? Something fancy?" She asked as she imagined a grand castle or a lord's manor on top one of the green hills rolling by.
        "I live in small home among the fishermen townsfolk of a small port town called Jirata. Have you heard of it?" Marshall responded with fondness in his voice. 
        "Nay, I 'aven't." She sighed of the fresh country air, imagining what a seaside town would look like. I am leaving everyone behind, and I don't know if this Marshall could save them all. Could he? He is obviously using some sort of powerful magick, couldn't he just beat up the entire town guard? Or show me how to use magick like him? Could I learn to teach the townsguard a lesson and protect my gang? How are they going to survive without me? A sharp pang of hunger jolted her, and she grabbed her stomach in a hunch. "Ouf... ah wish ah 'ad stol'n someth'n' else to eat t'day..." She moaned as she stared at her dirty feet, holding her belly as it grumbled. 
        "Oh, you must be starved, child." Said Marshall to the girl in filthy boy's clothes, staring up at him with a sudden excited precociousness. "Please, help yourself to what vittles I keep prepared for the journey." He motioned to a small table of lacquered wood built under the windowsill, displaying a silver bowl of assorted fruit, aside to a glass pot of brewed tea with fine ceramic teacups with goldworked rims. 
        The girl blinked, wondering why she didn't notice it before, but supposed the excitement of the adventure she was on let her forget to even look around where she was. She noticed that even behind the foodstuffs a small alcove stuffed with books and a fancy wooden box with a gilt lid tucked within was available as well, which the girl paid no mind to as she grabbed a ripe red apple. This guy must be loaded! He lives like a noble, but he doesn't look or act like any rich folks I've seen before. She sank bite after bite of the crisp apple ravenously, and threw the core on the table, then grabbed an orange and bit at its skin, then peeled it as she chewed the whole apple in her mouth.
        The large man in the vermillion cloak blinked, having never seen any child eat so voraciously, especially a small girl that looked just her skin and bones. "So, hmm..." He paused thoughtfully, and poured himself some red colored tea. "Do you have any parents? Who takes care of you in your, you said, 'gang'?" He asked as he took a sip of tea.
        After taking a moment to swallow her apple, Mirnada responded, "Ah take care o' meself an' I 'elp out th' 'ungry gang. Some old'r thieves use'ta steal e'ery meal fer us, an' then they taught us 'ow t' steal too. M' an' Adem..." The name pained her to speak, but kept her focus. "W' 'ad th' mos' knack fer it. When the old'r thieves got caught one day, I nev'r saw 'em again. M' an' Adem stole along with those in th' gang who 'ad th' mos' practice. By luck, ah never go' caught b'fore." She dropped the ripped off orange peel on the table, and stuffed the fruit in her mouth.
        Marshall seemed prepared to hear the worst of what a young thief would say, nonetheless abashment streaked his stoney face. Watching her starting to pluck a handful of purple grapes, he seemed to weigh her, trying to understand her. "How old are you, lass?"
        Pausing thoughtfully, Mirnada chewed the last of her orange segments with a few grapes. "Lessee," She paused thoughtfully. Me and Adem started to lose our small teeth at about the same time. She pained at the thought of him, but let it pass. The gang gave him an extra apple for his sixth birthday some moons ago, and I think I am a little older than he. "Hmm, Ah'd 'ave t'say six'r sev'n. Bu' ah dun' e'en wha' moon ah was born u'er." She said starting on another apple.
        "Seven?" Marshall asked back in disbelief, shaking his head and dark grey hair down to his shoulders. He reached for the wooden box tucked in the bookshelf, and opened it, looking kindly up on her with his like colored eyes. "A person should never have to steal to survive, especially a young girl." He opened it and took out a long, thin pipe made of black wood. "Do you know your house name, even?"
        "Naw, iuno an'th'." The girl responded with a mouth full of apple, orange and grapes.
        "Try not to speak so much," He opened a small silver square, and flicked a small flame from a spark. "When your mouth is full, child." He took a puff from his pipe, gray-green smoke wisps pulled out the carriage screen. 
        Mirnada gulped and responded, "Ah sayid, ah 'on't kno'. If ah did know what muh full name was ah migh' know 'ho muh ma 'n' pa were. Ah only know mah name is Mirnada an' ah've been called th't since as lon' as ah can reme'ber." She bit again into her apple and continued on. "Ah lived by stealin' e'ery day, i' di'n't worry 'bout a luxury thinkin' 'bout where ah came from." She continued eating, curiously smelling the aroma of Marshall's acrid yet sweet pipe smoke. This man lives like a king! I wonder what goods he has for me once we get back to his home? 
        "You must have made use of your magickal talents from a young age purely out of necessity to steal to survive. Surely you noticed your skill in whatever kept you alive surpassed others; stealing, or escaping." The large man thoughtfully puffed a cloud of smoke out the window and looked at her with that same look of knowing more than what he let on. "You are a descendent of my people, the Jorgard, who live far away from here. I know not how you came about to be in a destitute place as the Tikour slums, but the important thing is that I have saved you from living out such a fate." Marshall said as he idly thumbed the smoldering green in his pipe.
        Biting into another handful of grapes, Mirnada held her gaze curiously on the man puffing his pipe, with red flecked with brown eyes akin to her own. Does he truly know where I might come from? I do not know of Jorgard, that could be anywhere. Or made up for all I know. But he did do away with the townsguard with magick like they were nothing, and says I can do the same thing in order to steal and flee. I wonder if he would tell me about the lands where he is from? Or even how he has made his fortunes? She gave thought to as she chewed. "So, uh, where i' this magickal far awa' Jorgard exac'ly, an' 'ow did'ya become as well off as y' are, uh, Lord Marshall?" The girl asked, but he waved the last of her words away.
        "Please, you do not need to address me as such. Marshall is fine, for now. However, once you begin the strenuous training needed to hone your magicks, you may find it easier to call me Master." He stated, and gave her a look that seemed like he had lots on his mind for her to do.
        Mirnada nearly gulped a juicy bite mid chew, and almost choked just at the shift in look he gave her. Strenuous training? A look of worry swept over her face.
        Pausing for a moment, kindness softened Marshall's eyes, and he leant back, looking down to her fondly with a chuckle as he puffed his pipe. "Well, of course you wish to know where you and I both come from," He thumbed his pipe down and frowned at seeing it contain only ash, then knocked its bowl out the window to empty it to the wind. "Past the Mountains of Fire, and far beyond empyreal reach lies a vast desert that none should ever attempt to cross. That is all that the Empire is aware of, and what is beyond is unmapped and unexplorable, so the emperor dubbed where he could neither cross nor conquer the Forbidden Lands." Marshall stared idly at his empty pipe as he spoke with a calm passion about the land only he knew of that sounded fantastical but real.
        The Forbidden Lands? What kind of place could that be? Mirnada thought as she chewed some segments from another orange, gazing wistfully out the carriage window at the Mountains of Fire in the far distance. She tried to imagine what sort of lands were beyond the tall earthy mountains that stabbed at the sky, surrounding the walls of the empire.
        Marshall opened a small pouch of purple velvet from the wood box and placed a few pinches of green smokestuff into his pipe. "Although I have made the cross through these trials of the Forbidden Lands by myself, it is truly impossible for one man or even a hundred to pass without Jorgard magicks to guide them. I left my home with all the wisdom of my ancestors and the protection of sacred magick, aethermancy gifted from Holy Evaz'Sa herself, passed down through our Jorgard blood." He exchanged the pouch for his silver lighter on the small table and readied it. "What I wish I could know is," He flicked alight his pipe and took a couple of puffs, "How could you, a Jorgard child of about seven, possibly have traveled to Peval?" He looked at her curiously as he savored the fine smokestuff. "Or more likely, were you born here? But then, who could your parents have been?"
        My parents... She could not remember of such a comfort, and shook her head unknowingly as she kept eating.
        The large man shrugged and looked out into the distance, also. "Ah, well." Marshall said as he exhaled his pipesmoke. "I suppose that isn't what is important right now, but us being on the way home is. You will be well taken care of and learn the ways of our people." He paused thoughtfully and stamped out his pipe and continued. "Ah, you wished to know how I made my fortunes once I had crossed the Forbidden Lands? Well," He put his finely lacquered pipe and fine bag of smokestuff back in its box, and tucked it back on the bookshelf. "Among with my travel supplies needed for the journey, I took with me a few gifts of Jorgard to trade with. The fine silver silks made of harvested moonspider webs, and precious gemstones of the highest lustre that grow from crystal trees." He sounded as if he were trying to describe something wonderous that did not exist outside of his secluded homeland. "However, because of how valuable they were, it took an effort to sell once I entered the Peval marketplaces, for I was worn ragged from the journey and had to learn their language before I starved there, myself. But, that is a story for another time." He gave her a knowing smile, a kindness lit up in his red eyes. "Come now, child, enough about me. Is there anything of the world you wish to know about? I have traveled to the many corners of Caelutera and can tell you tales of strange and wondrous things."
        Plucking another grape as she gazed out the window,  Mirnada wistfully watched the sun set along the rolling countryside hills. She gave thought to what could be seen in the world, far beyond anywhere she had ever dreamed of traveling to. "Iuno wot 'ere even i' t' kno' abou'. Wh' don' y' tell m' abou' where've 








        
        what is Jorgard and how are you here and how are you so rich. then the world.
        
        
        


















        
















She looked around the detailed and extravagantly decorated cabin. The seats were soft and comfortable, and there were books and fresh hot tea with fruit on a small table within. She had never been in such luxury before and was just in awe the whole time. “A-are you a noble?!” 
Marshall chuckled “Haha, no, no.” he poured himself some tea. 
Then, how can you afford all of this stuff?” Mirnada asked. Her eyes still exploring the cabin, and she started eyeing the pieces of fruit on the table.
 “I’ve trained some of the generals and other high ranking military members in unarmed combat.” said Marshall. He noticed her attentive staring at the food and he nodded to her as if to say “go ahead.”
Mirnada grabbed a piece and began to eat it ravenously, “What is that?” she asked with her mouth full.
It’s an ancient form of fighting without use for a blade. It’s a secret, special training that empowers your body, mind and soul. I learned it in the Forbidden Lands.”
Mirnada choked a little in surprise, “The (cough) forbidden lands?” she swallowed, paused to regain her composure, and then continued eating in the same manner. She began talking again with a full mouth “Hewd yu gatin thur?!”
Don’t speak with food in your mouth.”
Mirnada swallowed “How did you get in there?! The Forbidden  Lands?!”
Actually, it’s where I’m from.”
Mirnada dropped the food out of her hands “What?!”
What caught my eye about you wasn’t your unusually fast speed,” Marshall pointed at her reddish brown eyes “it was your eyes.”
Mirnada looked at him confused “Wot d’ya mean? Wots wrong with ‘em?”
Marshall snickered then pointed as his own, the same color. “I’ve never seen anyone else with these eyes my whole life outside of Jorgard...”
“Jorgard?”
“That’s the city within the forbidden lands. Since no one goes there it’s not a surprise you’ve never heard of it.”
Mirnada thought to herself for a few moments “... To tell the truth, the name sounds kinda familiar.”
Marshall smiled “Imagine my surprise, I left the forbidden lands after I mastered unarmed combat, and I’ve traveled the rest of the world, and not once did I see a single person with these eyes,” He paused and drank some of his tea “Then I see this red-eyed girl running around, evading everyone that dared chase her, officer and merchant alike. I didn’t know what to think. I had wanted to talk to you and at least know how you got here, but every time I saw you, you were always running. This was my last day I’d be spending here and might’ve been the last chance I’d see you... I just wanted to talk with you... so I followed you. Now I’m just curious... How did you get to Pefali? Where are your parents?”
        Mirnada stared blankly out the screen window at the evergreen scenery. “I-... Iuno...”
        Marshall quirked an eyebrow “ ‘Iuno’? ”
        Mirnada sighed “Yeah, I ‘unno... I’ve never really thought about it... My earliest memories are stealin’ food to survive ‘n’ running and hiding every single day. I never really knew anyone... the handful o’ people I did know were thieves as well and they were either killed or had their hands chopped off...”
You remember nothing at all?”
“... No... I’ve lived on the streets all my life... and that’s all I remember.”
“Nothing at all? Not even how old are you?”
Mirnada gave some thought to it, but she had no memory “Iuno... People say I look about seven or eight.”
Marshall thought for a moment “How did you get the name Mirnada?”
Iuno... I’ve never really thought about it... Just always been called it.”
“... I see... What about your surname?”
Mirnada looked at Marshall, puzzled “My wot?”
You know, your last name,” Marshall said, “Mine is Harts.”
        “Oh...” Mirnada searched her mind, but again could not think of anything. “I ain’t a clue... Like I said, I dunno nuffin... I’m sorry to disappoint ya. I never got any learnin’ like the nobles’ kids or anythin.” She stared back out at the moving green scenery. She could see mountains and the sea in the distance, and the faint image of Pefali behind them. “Wot ‘bout you?”
         “Hmm?”
        “Why did you leave the Forbidden Lands? Jorgard?”
        “Well... I spent the first twenty years of my life training and wondering what the outside world was like. People in Jorgard are very xenophobic and look down on outsiders.”
        “Xeno... wot-ic?”
        “They are afraid of the outside world. The civilization has been isolated for aeons... But I simply wished to travel. When I left, I’ve visited the Northlands, Ijia, Lux Grande and of course, Pefali. I live in Jirata though... It’s a nice, quiet town, and in return for me being their protector, they treat me well.”
“It must be a damn rich village what to afford all of THIS.”
Marshall shook his head “Oh, no... This I bought with payment I received from Pefali for training their high ranking knights.”
Oh, right. Pefali has always had a lot of money to throw around, but never help their people...” Mirnada grumbled.
        “I am not too much fond of their ethics either, so I stopped training them. They of course didn’t like that one bit, but eventually they gave up trying to capture me for treason.” Marshall nonchalantly cracked his knuckles. “Now they just pretend like I don’t exist.”
“Heh...” smirked Mirnada.
Marshall smiled at Mirnada, “You should take a nap and rest up; we’re getting up early tomorrow.”
“For wot?”
        “You have a lot of potential, Mirnada. You are fast and strong... and you are of Jorgard... our kind possess these traits as well as magick powers. You see, our people are most in tune with the earth and nature and our magick is different than the rest of the world’s. That’s why I held back on my training with the Pefali knights. I never taught them the most advanced techniques because it implores both physical strength and Jorgard magick. And, I know that if I trained you, you could master it.”
        “Wot you mean, I can use magick?! And I’m ‘upposed to be some sort of super strong jus’ ‘cuz me eyes are red?”
        “Mirnada, I think I should tell you about Jorgard’s people. We are... how should I put this... We are blessed by the gods.”
        “Wot do you mean? Why?”
        “The other civilizations... They have all sinned at one time or another and the gods have punished them for that.”
        “They sinned? How?”
        “Pefali’s bloodlust, they were punished for attacking and invading helpless surrounding countries. 
Ijia used to be two tribes that fought each other constantly, resorting to detestable extremities. They were punished and then realized their mistakes, and united into one kingdom under the rule of the late King Oran. 
Desye, the fallen kingdom in the Northlands, they died out because they spent all of their resources building a tower to use as an offering to the gods, and they expected a lot in return from them. This angered the gods, and they were punished for their greed. 
And Lux Grande, the capital of the world and home of the Pontiff Herself... well, no one knows why they were punished, but they did something that had angered the gods tremendously. They had a virulent pox that wiped out nearly half the population. The plague has subsided though, so its safe to travel there now.”
Mirnada nodded “... I see.”
“I’m sorry... I guess that was a lot for you to absorb.”
Mirnada slumped in her seat “It was interestin’... But I’m already a might sleepy...”
“It’s alright, you’ve had quite a day. Please, get some rest. We should arrive in Jirata in a few hours”
Mirnada stared out at the dusky sky as it faded into a dark tourmaline color. She closed her eyes and rested her head, then drifted to sleep.














bam






Mirnada origin story in Peval, Dream transitioned from Mirnada sleep to Diame dream, to her awake.


DAY 2 - Morning
Diame had dream, is getting ready. She has a bad feeling and wants to not take Shul up on his offer to take her the rest of the way to Ijia. He persists because of Igor's orders, and she accepts, heartened she must show more gratitude to the poor man, and afraid for the vision she had seen, but reasons she would be safer with someone else than by herself. Shul leads her to be kidnapped later. Ending scene with Xavier readying his knights to enter the Forest to scout for bandits in the countryside said to hide here. Other rumons of kidnapping are not related to these bandits, but are connected to the guys involved with Diame's kidnapping. She escapes kidnapping using forest mist and mercury bubbles.


DAY 2 - Soonly After
Tavian's scene ending, the to escape to forest scene happens, then new scene here continuing him to his 4th chapter. He ran until dawn when he found a lake to rest by, he panted and drank water, then rested a short while until the air and water was warm enough to bathe blood off of in. He is somewhat cleaner, and has to get to a town for some food and avoid being seen by authorities and people searching for him. He finds Jirata and slays wanted pirates and meets up with Mirnada, they go to Ijia by acquired boat.


DAY 2 - Late morning
Diame ran deep into the forest to escape, but knows not where she is. Suspenese with scene lost by herself, then faery scene to direct her the right way then by herself again, then she is suddenly abushed by bandits, then saved by Xavier and the Sky Saints.


DAY 2 - near evening
Diame sees the bishop who dismisses her without hearing a word. She goes to get permission to see Queen Senna, is denied, and has a chance encounter with her anyway. 
NIGHT 2 - Saves her life that night and gains trust.


Note: Diame has a realization that because malbourne would not hear her plea but Senna would, and now she is on her way, at some point she realizes that now that the Queen can give her access to go to the tower in her vision, that then that is what she must do. God is constantly arranging things into her favor, so this opportunity must be as well, simply because she believes it is.


Small scene with Tavian steering the ship at night, thoughts of returning to Ijia.




She stops at the signs trying to remember which one it is, he comes beside her and stops, trying to get her to come aboard, she politely refuses. He tries to dissuade her from taking the side route, that she wouldn't need to tire herself and it would take just as long. 
While he's trying to convince her "Its just me and ol' betsy" he pats the mule on the rump, and the mule farts. he ignores it, Diame tries to, and only wants to go on her own way. 
People trying to trick you from doing what you want to do will always have something that stinks about the deal, that lingers in your consciousness about them. Even if it seems that the person means well, if they are up to something, it makes all their words have 'the reek of lies drawing flies'.
Trying to make clear. Diame has a path. Its HERS. It doesnt matter what Shul says if her path isn't as good as his by cart, thats because the man just slept in his cart! He is a mule driver and she is not! He will drag her down to her level, and people who travel the same path but accept others help does not make them independant of their own free will. Diame's free will is GOD GIVEN AND POWERFUL, and the fact that she doesnt know that and will freely give it away (go with shul) when she has the power on her own (go the path she has decided.)


She goes with him just to be saved by the divine intervention, which is escape by her magic, then rescue by Xavier being at the right place at the right time.


If she did go her own path, perhaps she may never had met Xavier at all, but Diame, for all her main characterness, is not that independantly minded, even though she just convinced herself what she has seen is important, her path can still be diverted, by Shul, or even by her own doubt later. The importance of Xavier and friends is showing her that truly, one needs a lot of support to believe they can go all the way. Everyone has self doubt. When people choose to believe they are right, they stay on a path. When they are in self doubt, you stay true to yourself and what you have seen, AND KNOW THAT where you are, when you doubt and think of WHY AM I HERE, literally in that place you stand or sit, you are thinking of your path, the most sacredest God given thing, the free will to decide a direction. Diame is so important and doesnt even know it, and her self doubt is her weakness.


Diame may be free of all self doubt at the end when she witnesses her vision in action by Ozwyn. "I know now why i left my home and made this path, because i believed in a furture different than this one! that it could change! if i never left it would end up this way anyway, but now that i made it all the way here, through so much HARDSHIPS, TRYING to do something about it, I CAN NOW TRY!"






        
Reubin's Story:
Battling in an arena, the final warrior, a hard set of green eyes.
A beautiful faced woman emerged from the darkness, the face beguiles Reubin, even though he can clearly see the murder in her eyes. He has difficulty fighting her and the battle is a farce, they are both dishonored and kicked out.
She is furious he dishonors her, but he fell in love with the ferocity in her eyes, he explains to her. She can not stand the sight of him and says "I gave you that look in battle only because no one is supposed to live afterwords." 
Whatever battle charm she used left the fool Reubin still in love with her, even after the battle ended. Maybe a bit of Sylvius / Phoebe?








































                IV.2 Leaving the Roost


ADRIFT IN A CLOUD spun of wayward dreamstuff, Diame felt the free floating weightlessness of an ocean around her. Mirages in her slumber tried to take shape within what looked like a dense fog unlit by the sun, and whatever oddities she could see in the murk she already unquestioned as reality. The sound of clopping horse hooves slowly turned her attentions, and a shape of a large animal finished galloping into a cloud, the stir of the fog and fluff around the area was all that remained. At the sight of nothing out of the ordinary, Diame rolled over in a suspended spin, rolling in her lengths of red hair and floating folds of her shift drifted in suspense through the sea of dense fog.
A sharp harking called Diame's attentions and the dreaming priestess gazed upwards in a loll, and witnessed a bird made of mist dive down from a bright white sky and disappear into the dark plumage of clouds, its cry lasting as an echo into the foggy void. Such a sight she, too, regarded it as any other thing in her dream, and it passed her throughts just the same. She muttered something about time and yawned.
The fog thickened and a sudden oncoming darkness cast over the sea of clouds. Diame thought it must have blocked out the sun, but she did not recall seeing in the first place, so did not question the change of scenery as she couldn't quite remember where she was either way. Back into her half awake state she returned.
A pitch blackness took away the vision of the clouds, and what little light there was faintly illuminated an arms reach around Diame's weightless body. She felt somewhat thankful that when wherever she was became darker it allowed one to better sleep, but didn't know why she was glowing so bothersomely. As she shrugged that off as well in her thoughts, she tried to resume resting, only to stirr once more, vexed at the sound of a distant hissing noise. 
Searching for the source of the sound in the unseeable darkness, there seemed to be two points somehow darker than all the rest, slanking side to side. Diame could feel some sort of chill, as if it were a creature gazing up on her, but she could not see what would have eyes blacker than black, growing larger with each movement. 
Something about Diame's dream disturbed her, and she tried to give thought to what it possibly could have been. Puzzled, she stared silently at the thing approaching her, slowing coming to the conclusion that wherever she was floating, it may not be as safe as she once thought. Shuddering again from a chill, she knew she felt the presence of some sort of creature, even though she could not see what the darker than dark thing was, approaching her from the sea of thick mist.
Diame thoughts spun to try to give reason to what was happening around her, but her mind felt slow and sluggish, as if she were in a daze she couldn't awaken from.
Flashes of lightning fulminated from the two points of darkness, crackles of blue light lit up the sea of mist around her and beyond. Whatever the two points of darkness were, they stayed as dull shadows wrapped in the thick clouds lit by lightning flashes, and Diame chilled when the storm headed towards her.
 The priestess determined she was faced with some sort of fearful vision and she tried to call out to God for protection, but her fear turned to terror when she could not inhale to shout out. She willed her voice and to her horror, not a sound escaped her, she twisted as she floated mid air in the mist. The roar of thunder tore all around her, and she was engulfed in flashes of searing hot blue light.


"Evaz'sa watch over me!" Diame shouted as she sprang upright, widened blue eyes staring up through the bed canopy at the mural of God in the sky painted on the ceiling. Her panting breaths calmed as she gazed up to the image of the Goddess of the Sun, wings spread in golden sunlight surrounded by Angels. She gulped at air, "A dream..." she exhaled breathlessly. "'Twas only a dream." She assured herself as much that it wasn't reality, and in the haste of her waking moments, the High Priestess of Water set aside the thought that it could be yet another vision foreboding of something ill to come. 
Remembering where she was, she took in the room of the inn she was staying at, dimly lit by several candles. Most of the wicks on the chandeleir up above were shortened and still lit, as were the candles on the nightstands beside her. The large wax candle of the woman holding the urn had burnt down such that the flame was where the head would be, and the hands had melted off into two held up stumps for arms. 
"Oh, I suppose I am awake enough." Diame judged as much even with how groggy she felt, but nonetheless she was refreshed. "I need to be back on the road, I-" She pulled the covers off her and realized her hands trembled, and clasped them together. She felt alert but as by something startling her out of her sleep, though she could not recall what, which disturbed her. I must make haste, that is all I can do. There certainly isn't any going back. 
The priestess put her bare feet out into the cool air on to a soft carpet, and saw the sky still dark outside the large windows. Perhaps to anyone else they would not notice the sun was about to rise, the pitch black sky could have easily been mistaken for the deepest part of the night. However, years of waking up before dawn had trained her senses to the subtle rises of moisture in the air, the crisp way plants smell in the coldest part of the predawn, the chattering of early birds. She also knew her senses were experiencing strange sensations, delving deeper than any normal person could. She felt as though she were outside in the deep forest, breathing in cool air from an enormous fog bank, rolled down from the surrounding mountains in the night. She tried to stop herself from thinking anymore of it when she realized she somehow knew the way the cloud had traveled, as if she had the memory of seeing it herself.
Becoming aware she could uncontrollably sense all the water in the air, she began a mantra. "I am complete control of my magicks..." Diame prayed quietly to herself, aware she still had not performed any of her cloister rituals, not releasing any of the water aether she carried with her. I have come thus far on what I had set out to do. If I can not show I am capable of handling these powers, how can I prove any of what I have seen has merit to Bishop Malbourne? But he has to believe me, must he not?! A pang of worry struck over her, and she shook it off and repeated, "I am in complete control of my," 
A knock at the door followed by a concerned whisper interrupted her, "Did you summons, mi'lady? May I enter?" The door cracked and the young serving girl in plain livery and dark hair pulled back into a braid stood into the candle light.
Straightening her shift as she sat upright in bed, Diame cleared her throat, nearly forgetting the inn's staff was waiting on her. "Aye, come in, please." She spoke, trying to sound pleasant as she calmed her nerves, still shaken from the wakening jolt of her nightmare.
The maid entered carrying a ceramic pitcher of washwater and in one arm and bowl in another with a cloth draped over her arm, "Good morrow, mi'lady." She said as cheerful as she could be, probably having worked through the night. "Did you rest well?" she said as she placed the washstuff and pitcher of steaming water on the table next to the wax candle of the melting woman and turned round to meet her.
        Diame met her with a tired nod, "Aye, thank you." She said, nearly stifling a yawn.
        "Well, mi'lady, you said you would be up early to resume your travels, so I brought fresh washstuff and I shall return with a hot breakfast the Roost has prepared for you. If that will be all, so please you?" She curtsied before her and seemed to await Diame's assent to leave.
Alright, I haven't the time to waste. I shall prepare quickly and then I must make haste. "Aye, thank you." 
The moment it was said, the maid deepened her courtsy and then turned round, briskly leaving out the door she came in from. 
Diame gave pause, knowing that being brought here to this sort of service was not just good fortune on the road. Such safety and luxuries were arranged under God's watchful eyes, and whatever dreadful dream I had awoke me to ensure I get to where I need to be swiftly. She nodded, reminded of her resolve. "I have already traveled much farther than I would have thus far, I can arrive in Ijia on my own by the end of the day, I think." She assured herself as she stepped out of bed to the washstuff and sat on a cushioned chair by the table side.
She gave her face a wash with the cloth and hot water, and felt revived out of drowsiness, and remarked on how she never had enjoyed such things prepared for her. No sooner than when she finished drying herself did the maid enter once more with a covered silver plate. She revealed a plate of two overturned eggs, a thick slab of cured bacon, a buttered roll of freshly baked home bread, and a bowl of apples and pears cut into bite sized pieces topped with sweet cinnamon.
Diame had not eaten a breakfast so hearty in a long while, used to eating only produce harvested from Teva's farms, but she did not complain as she savored what she could as she ate in a hurry. The maid brushed off what dirt had collected on Diame's blue robes, and helped her get dressed in them as fastly as possible while telling her of the best routes through the forest to Ijia. She then aided the High Priestess shoulder her satchel and even handed her her driftwood walking staff, never taking her for anything else than a traveling noblewoman.
 Diame thanked the maid profusely for all her attentive services, even whilst she made her way swiftly down the inn's hallway and descended the stairs to the small lobby, the maid was at her heels, asking over and over if there was anything else that she needed.
Once again, Diame kindly assured the maid that she had everything she needed to get to Ijia, and before she could thank her again, she noticed the middle aged lady in the green dress looking up at her from behind the desk counter. Weariness showed through the smile she wore as she held a pen to one of many scattered recipts and ledgers about her, yet she gave a gracious nod to the traveler who paid to stay in the nicest room, and Diame returned it. 
The maid went to open up a large oaken door that lead out to the forest, it seemed to be the main entrance to the Inn's lobby. No sooner than when the big door opened did plumes of cold mist spill onto the lobby floor and dissipated. Diame pushed the volumes of red curls behind her circlet and tucked her hair in the back of her blue robes, then donned her hood to stay warm, even though the cold couldn't bother her. She gave the young girl another nod for her services, and stepped out the inn's door out into the brisk forest air, faintly lit blue by approaching dawn.


Diame descended down a step onto a covered porch area, a pair of lanterns hung from the roof above another step, their dim light cast on her as she passing them by. She stepped onto the soft forest soil, and with walking staff in hand, the High Priestess trod down a worn path and through the heavy fog that brightened as dawn came up on her. 
Nearing a small covered stables, the path seemed to split just past it, accompanied by a signpost pointing in several directions. She remembered what the maid had told her, that the road splits as many travel deeper into the forest or even into the mountains. Most importantly, that the quickest route to Ijia was not even the large main one, for it made many bends to better serve outposts and cart traffic, and that a side route was shorter and better known by lone travelers. It would have fewer turns and lead directly out into the open fields, the lands before the Kingdom of Ijia. Just a little further, I must ensure His Holiness hears of my fears, once I tell him my dreams straight to his ear. She reminded herself that she was less than a days' walk away now, and was happy to know her journey was nearing an end.
The priestess took a deep breath of the forest air, the crisp scent of pine and maple trees cooled by mist filled her lungs, and felt refreshing under her thick blue robes. Content traveling down the dirt path with no one beside her and being awake before dawn, she felt as though it was any other day begun as usual, the lone walk reminding her of going to the Water Temple for morning prayers. She felt at ease, and kept her focus on walking just the little ways more, grateful for what good fortunes she had had thus far on what she set out to do. By how safely and swiftly she had traveled, Diame was heartened to believe that God was directly watching over her journey, guiding her on the path the Priestess began by correctly interpreting her sacred swevens.
Diame took in a crescendo of the birds chirping as the forest came alive by the brightness of dawn, and even the pathway became easier to see in the brisk fog. She took a deep sigh, and caught a scent of horsestalls as she continued past the covered stables, a shabby building made of weathered wood that seemed to barely stay held together. Even so, it housed a line of horses in a row, each covered head to tail with horse blankets, and they were barely astir with their eyes covered. She felt sorry for the creatures, having to sleep out in the cold barely covered, and felt content to own the warmth in her boots. 
As the signpost and many splitting paths ahead revealed themselves in the fog, Diame thought of the way she was told to get through the forest. Let's see, the kind maid said Burrows Pass would be the best route through. I do hope I do not lose my way, but I have come thus far on God's good fortunes, and I believe Her Eyes will watch over my path. She reminded herself happily. And with Ijia just at the end of a day's walk, what could possibly mar my way?
A sudden whinnying came from the last stall made Diame jump and raise her arm in defense as she passed it by, but she was relieved that it was just a lanky mule, covered in a horse blanket that seemed to be all but holes and patches. Before she could feel bad for startling the animal, she heard a rustling just past the stable walls.
Around the corner, a tattered blanket flung up from amidst a cart full of cargo boxes and bags, and there Shul was, sitting up, bewildered, and still in the ragged riding clothes that he wore yesterday. The man seemed to have slept the night in his cart on a small pallet, and he awoke in a daze up on hearing the mewling of his mule. He then noticed Diame was standing over him, and his face split wide with surprise. "Oh, Lady Delandra! Er-, a good morro'!" He nearly leapt out onto the forest floor by how quickly he scrambled out of his cart, and as soon as he was on his feet, he dropped to a bow before her, his straw hat to his heart. 
Diame tried to greet the man who had helped her travel here the day before, but for a moment it seemed impossible to work the words. She realized her hand was shaking, and leant on her staff with all her weight to ground herself. Perhaps the mule frightened me more than I expected. Please get ahold of yourself woman, it was merely a harmless animal. She shook off her shaken nerves with the thought, and at last gave the man a polite nod. "A good morrow to you as well, kind Master Shul. Eyes watch over you this fine morn." She said, returning a smile and trying not to feel so put off guard.
"Ah was hopin' so much, uh, that ah might cross yer path, to aid yeh on yer way to the kingdom, ah was!" His gap toothed smile and demeaner were jovial and lively even though he seemed to had just awoken. "Aye, such a consid'rate soul is this man ah waited fer yer ladyship to see ye arrive safely, ah did!" He said as he began ropes from the cart and walked towards her. "M' pardons, mi'lady," He said as he passed her by with a bow of his head, and with a squeak of rusty hinges, led his mule out from the ramshackle horsestalls. "Ah jus' need to get ol' Betsy awake an' leadin' th' cart, hold just a minute, and we'll be off." He assured her as he took off the horseblanket, and hurriedly added "Aye, if ye would be so kind, Your Ladyship? Thank ye." And began girdling Betsy in a haste.
"Oh, sir, you are too kind. I do not know if that would be right." I couldn't possibly ask him to help again, yet he went out of his way to wait for me? Diame shook her head of red curls under her blue hood, "Nay sir, to ask another favor of you after all you have done already would surely be considered a sin. I do not mean to be rude, but I believe my legs will bring me to Ijia on my own, thank you." She nodded to him, "I bid you a good day, Master Shul. May Eyes watch over you." And with a smile of good cheer, went on towards the signposts. I do hope he wasn't waiting here for me long, it is quite cold in the wee hours of the morning for one not atuned to Water. A thought trailed off as she went on her way. "Now, lets see, Burrow's Pass..."
        The man made a sudden yelping sound as if he were choking on something. "Er, wait, um, please, Lady Delandra, I, uh..." Shul seemed to want to say something, but Diame had already passed him by.
        Looking back over her shoulder, Diame saw a look of worry on Shul's face, and then his mouth split with his wide gap-toothed smile and started after her. Oh, God help me. What could the man be thinking? "C-can I aid you, Master Shul?"
        The man was walking towards her reluctantly, but surely, "Well," Shul took off his straw hat, and pensively scrubbed his fingers through graying hair. "Ah was jus' figurin', uh..." He nodded to himself as he stopped just before Diame, and said calmly, "That is, if w' were both 'eaded to th' kingdom proper, uh... I would be savin' you th' trouble of walkin'. Its still ways away, mi'lady, I thought surely you'd ride with me once more." He redonned his hat and gave a sigh of mild frustration, and stammering to find convincing words.
        To have such an offer refused must have seemed illogical to the man, Diame noted Shul seemed somewhat apprehensive to the idea of her not riding along. Well, I don't mean to insult his kindness, but I'm sure I will be an inconvenience to the poor man, besides. "Beg your pardons, sir." Her fair hand pointed behind him, "It seems as though I may as well be on my way, as it seems your ass needs minding."
        Shul's eyes sprang wide with confusion, "Me arse?" He then looked around, and continued the motion with a spin when he saw that Betsy had wandered from her stables, and slowly venturing on a way off into the forest. "Saints! Me ass!" and ran back towards his mule gone astray.
        "Poor fellow, I do wish him well, and hope to abstain from bothering him anymore than I already have." And with that, Diame came up on the old signpost, intaking a carved crow adorning it that nearly looked real. She could try to make out the carvings made in the arrows pointing in the ways the path split past many steep gradings and thick vegatation. Some of the roads were wide, but the shortcut she would take was supposed to be a direct route off the beaten path. "Let's see," The carvings in the wood were faint, yet seemed to have been tended to time to time. 
        Though she hadn't the time to idle, the disguised priestess couldn't help but look over her shoulder, and Shul was indeed bridling the mule to the cart in a visible haste. He leapt into the cart, scrambled into his drivers seat, then even waved to her assuredly with a grin! He tapped at the mule's reins to motion a trot, but the creature did not budge, then after a couple more tries, the man leapt out of the cart once again, produced a pole that once affixed, protruded from the front of the cart. He hurriedly began tying a red apple to hang before the mule, and the animal started walking even without him in the cart, nearly trampling him with it if he hadn't already jumped back in his seat in time.
        "Burrow's Pass," Reminding herself, Diame returned her attentions to the signpost, and scanned the names that pointed in many directions out of the Crow's Forest. "Forestglenn Road seems to be the name for the main road, and many small paths seem to branch off in many ways... Ah! Burrows pass is just a small walk down the main road from here. God's good fortunes smile up on me indeed." The sounds of hooves trotting and wheels winding turned the priestess's attentions, and Shul was nearly up on her as he sat in his cart gesturing towards her assuredly, in tow by Betsy, in tow by the apple. "Yet, why does this man pursue me so, even after I have said I wish to go my own way?" She couldn't help but return the wave back at him, then brought her hand to her face and wondered. But, what if God had sent this kind soul to guide me, and certainly I may lose my way. Maybe that is why he feels the need to help me so? Yet, if this man is not of God... She paused as he approached her, taking in the good cheer of his gap toothed grin. Mayhaps I should go on my own after all?
        "Ah, the virtue o' patience shines in ye, Lady Delandra," He gently pulled at the reins of the cart, and the doleful eyed donkey slowed to a halt. "Thank ye for waitin' for me t'get me ass bridled." Shul's grin widened and kindness squinted his eyes. "Aye, then, let us b' off. I promise we'll be in Ijia b'fore sundown." He assured her, and began pulling at the rope that opened the hatch in the back for her. 
        "But," Diame muttered mostly to herself. I was looking forward to taking the helpful advice the maid gave me, she is a local after all. There the familiar crated seat was, the same against the somewhat comfortable sack of lumps she had dozed on for so long yesterday. However, he said he would take me straight there, obviously that would be safest and least tiresome, so why do I hesitate to go with him? Am I acting like a foolish girl? 
        "Erm, wha' 'tis the matter, Lady Delandra?" Perhaps he noticed a pique of worry coming from her, for he tried to assure her by motioning to the mule. "'Tis jus' me and ol' Betsy as b'fore." He turned to pat her on the rump, to which the animal replied with a sound release of air to the man's face. 
        The priestess blinked.
        "Erm," He chuckled, surprised. "Ol' girl." He pat the animal again once more, and continued on. "Anyroad, let us be off now and we shall be at the kingdom fairly quickly, erm, by your as'ent, Mi'Lady."
        Diame thought on it once more, she was fully rested and had looked forward to the walk alone with her own thoughts. She was a High Priestess carrying around a message of importance to the Church to protect them as well as her village, even that meant the duplicity of not even telling anyone where she had ran off to, and even swore little Sindha to secracy. 
        However, one advantage she could think of is that when she was in solitude, she no longer had to keep up this 'noblewoman Delandra on a pilgrimage' charade for anyone. But for the life of her, could not make up her mind which way she would go, and yet she knew she stood there losing time, which was worse than going any route. Diame grew severely impatient with herself, and looked skyward through the thatches of leaves. Mist hung brightly on the boughs of the trees as the sun began to rise higher above the surrounding mountains. It was a new day and she felt she was where she was supposed to be. I suppose if God wills me to be where needed, a bevy of opportunities would present themselves. I suppose good company is better than without, so I could pretend to be Delandra a little longer, I suppose. I do believe I should trust Master Shul as he is wise traveler, and certainly knows his way through the woods better than I. Though I yet feel like I'm taking advantage of his kindness, I know it is a long journey ahead. Indeed, I had just climbed down a mountain yesterday and got a full nights rest, but what if I must need my strength to climb a mountain? "But, of course, good sir. I do not know these woods at all, I certainly wouldn't want to lose my way. You certainly would save me another long walk." Although she could recall the simple instructions to take Burrows Pass, and could clearly see it written on the sign before her, and was not even sure how arduous the road alone would have been, she tossed in her satchel and driftwood staff and jumped in over the hatchback herself.
        The gap toothed man nearly stumbled over his words with breathless exasperation, he seemed to have politely had a whole nother list of reasons why Diame should ride with him, but the worry melted off his face as he drew a deep breath. "Phew! I er, mean, well then!" Shul let out a nervous chuckle in good spirit and hopped himself back in the mule driver's seat. "Let us be off, w' should arrive in the kingdom proper before nightfall." He pulled the hatch closed by the rope up front and gave the lone traveler a nod from under his had. "Jus' enjoy the ride mi'lady. We'll be there b'fore you know it." His grimy lips smiled around his rotten teeth, and he turned his attentions back to Betsy.
        As the man prepared another red apple on a string to coax the animal, Diame continued to assure herself that she was on the right path. "How long until we make it to Ijia did you say again?" She idly inquired to strike up a conversation with the man she was about to chat with once more. I do hope I make it there faster by taking this cart. A shortcut couldn't have been that much shorter, right? She tried to peer through the misty road ahead as if she could see beyond the bends and surrounding trees.
        "Oh, well bee'fore sundown, aye." The mule driver stated in good morning cheer as he gave Betsy a tap with the reins, and with a light jerk, the cart was wheeling forward in motion. "You jus' not worry 'bout a thing, mi'lady. You know, did I ev'r tell you more about me wife?" Shul glanced over his shoulder with a crooked smile. "You do so remind me o' her. Err, um, but not nowadays," He turned his attentions back to steering the mule around the winding road, "years ago when w' firs' met, she was fair an' comely as y' are now, miss. I do love 'er but alas 'ow she has wizen'd and broaden'd an'-" he cut himself off and lowered his head between his shoulders, "Oh I mistake meself, please beg pardons, mi'lady. I jus' 'ave a commoners tongue, y'see."
        He spoke and Diame heard him, but her mind thought not of a response. But, what if the pass was shorter? She weighed heavily. No, fool girl. You are already on a cart going where you need to be going. Surely if I was walking around a haphazard shortcut I could get terribly lost, or what if I stumbled on the uneven road and sprain my ankle? By and by the misty cospses of pineneedle trees went by her as she was well on her way to Ijia as the cart swifty carried her down the bumpy forest path. Nay, I daresay that this is the safer route. Surely, these nagging thoughts are just part of the restlessness on my mind of knowing what I must do. She sat back stiffly against a sack of apples as Shul chatted his mind as he steadily drove the mule on. The priestess of water heaved a sigh of relief that she neared Ijia, her intents she clear in her mind. What I have seen was shown to me very clearly from the Holy Messiah herself. So big is this message, yet, I know that only I was entrusted to me to relay its importance. She reminded herself, mustering up the nerve ahead of time to speak with a bishop face to face, to explain not only her dreams but a myriad of other things. Her breaking the sacred oath to even be outside of her home being one of them. "Eljuk..." she muttered, thinking of the townguardsman and her friend. Diame nearly felt ill recalling how she snuck around him, and left her confidant in the dark of her actions. I am doing what I must. Eljuk would understand... wouldn't he...? Surely, he would and I have always given him my full trust. Her thoughts wandered once more.
        "Anyhow, me wife an' I," Shul carried on, "We nev'r 'ad any children, y'see. Jus' as well, me work keeps me mighty busy, I wouldn't see them if I was always on the road, aye? But who needs kids when I 'ave Betsy, 'ere." He chuckled and the mule seemed to whicker in response. Around another bend in the road the animal took them, through the morning fog as thick as ever. 
        Although lost in thought, Diame looked around the dense forest as it passed her by. Would Bishop Malbourne be as understanding? She wondered. He is a a man of the Faith, surely his faith will convince him to take action, just as mine has compelled me to do so. Won't it? She sighed and took in the early morning atmosphere, the sun was a bright glow above the moving trees and mist. 
        An opening in one of the cospses revealed what seemed to be an off-road, it seemed to be a straight line even though it had rough unevenness to it. Squinting her glassy blue eyes, she peered down the misty side road, a tiny sign stuck in the road reading Boroughs' Pass, plain as day. Her thoughts indeed took pause, and all she could focus on was the side path. The advice the maid servent gave to her that it was indeed the shortest path resounded in her head, but she shut the thought out, that was before she knew she would get another ride from Shul. Surely this path was the shorter one, and face less peril. Yet all the while, she still felt the need to call out to the mule driver and ask him to halt the cart. All the while she thought, she had passed the supposed shortcut by, and already the cart had made its way past another cospe of trees, and it had all but disappeared from sight while she made up her mind.
        Diame had leant all the way forward and bent her neck as she caught the last gimpse of the sign disappear into the trees and fog. "Too late now, I suppose..." she said under her breath. The thought crossed her mind that she could still refuse the man's kind offer, leap up out of the cart, and swiftly though this shortcut like she had in her mind. "Aye, far too late, now." She leant back with a sigh, as though relieved the descision was made for her. I must trust that there are many paths that lead to where God asks of me. I do hope I arrive in Ijia soon, after I have words with His Holiness, I must return to Teva with an even greater haste. She let out a sigh realizing she had been holding her breath for nearly a full minute.
        Listening to Shul talk on of his wife and occupation as Lord Igor's delivery driver, the Priestess rode along in the cart without any qualms on her descision. Her feet did ache so from her travels yesterday, and now she rode along with only her mission on her mind. Diame reminded herself the urgency of what she had seen, and would arrive fully prepared to explain to The Church why she was there. Yet she also had questions of her own. Such as, why hadn't she recieved any word at all from them? Not a single reply to her letters, even when she persisted them so? Had something happened to them? 
        Shaking off her worry, Diame took a deep breath of the forest air thick with the smell of maples and pines. Without effort, she could see all the wisps of water in the air, and sensed the vastness of the forest by feeling where every dew drop on every leaf rested. It put her at ease, and she calmly mulled over her thoughts as the shakey cart took her down the winding road to the Kingdom of Ijia.










































                IV.3 Quicken the Road


THE MORNING HOURS had marched by Diame without her noticing too closely, and she watched the forest scenery change in the early light. She felt as though she was still very much deep within the forest, and went over what she might say to the Bishop when she arrived in Ijia. She had also enjoyed the company of Shul, who had talked with barely a pause, skipping though topics on everything he could think of to make conversation about. He was now on the subject of fishing, and talked about the many different ways gutted innards could be reused. She could barely hear him with all that was going on in her mind, and the High Priestess patiently held on to her anticipation to hear from Shul when they were nearby Ijia. The thought that perhaps they were closeby and he simply forgot to tell her crossed her mind, and she continued sitting at ease in the bumpy cart.
The rising sun steadily shed light down through the canopy of the forest, and all around her, nature was alive and awake with birdsong among trees and wild game rusting among bushes in the distance. She took a sip from her water flask and uttered a silent prayer to the life which God had created.  
Diame placed the flask back in her bag and caught sight of her map. She had no idea to know where she was, and reminded of such, decided to inquire on to whereabouts she was in closeness to Ijia. 
"... Aye, 'tis true, you can fry up jus' about everythin' you gut from an animal mi'lady, but 'tis nigh impossible to compare to a real treat, me own wife's fishgut stew." 
"Master Shul?" Diame interjected.
"Perhaps, you'll come 'ave dinner with us one night an' try- uhn?" The mule driver paused his thoughts for the first time in hours. "Aye, what is it, mi'lady?" He responded without missing a beat, his cheer as strong as ever.
"Well, I was just wondering," She scanned the thick forest around her again and couldnt begin to sense where it ended. "but when would we arrive in Ijia? Surely we are almost there?" Being in the middle of nowhere, Diame indeed needed some assurance, there was just the one path, and hardly any other passers by on the road. But of course she trusted Shul knew what he was doing.
Shul grunted seemingly to give it some thought, and turned over his shoulder and smiled a gap toothed grin at her. "Lessee, I'd say another hour we may be out of Crow's Forest, perhaps even sooner." He turned his attentions back to steering his mule and leant forward to look into the distance. "Ijia is farther north still, but 'tis faster traveling in the wide open roads. Ye should reach it before sundown I reckon." He gave an assuring tilt of his hat to her. "Hmm, aye I do believe that is so. Worry not, Mistress Delandra. I 'ave traveled these roads hundreds, if not thousands of times, I 'ave!" He grinned once more and tapped the reins of his mule to help keep up her step. 
 Looking at the moving scenery around her, the surrounding trees stretched on in every direction, and as far as she could see, disappearing into the thick mist. Trying to sense where the forest might end with her attunement with water, Diame couldnt see where the fog might end. She could feel the chill of the forest stretch on and on, and pulled her hooded robe tigher around her even though the cold phased her not. "Well then, I have naught to worry about." she assured herself. I do wish we would arrive there faster. I'm sure he knows what he is doing, but that maid lass said even by foot I'd be out of the forest by late morn. Yet it seems it may be near high noon already? There was no way to know where she was, and an effort to try on foot now would surely be in vain. She knew she had to stay fast, and trust that this was another test of her faith. Shul had come along to help her, and she was going to allow him to do that. "Everything will be all right, I suppose." She smiled to herself and looked down the road, seeing a hooded figure jump out from a shrub. Her smile turned sour as she gasped, half the life startled out of her.
"Whoa!" Shul yelled to calm Betsy as the surprised beast whinnied and flailed in fear. "Calm down, easy girl!" He pulled on the reins and in short time the beast did calm itself and became docile. 
The brutal looking man stood tall with his arms crossed just ahead of them in filthy clothes with his face completely darked by a hood. 
Diame leant forward and hid over master Shul's shoulder and whispered to him, "What does he want? Is he a robber?!" She leant over him and before she knew it, she was shouting at the man, "We have nothing of value! Please, be blessed leave us in peace!" and hid back behind the mule driver.
"Aye! Actually, y'do!" the man shouted back. He pointed right at her, "You! Be still!"
All around her, the silence of the forest was broken by the stomps of heavy feet and snaps of branches. At least a dozen men emerged from hiding, each with a hood on their head or a piece of cloth over their faces. They grunted and snarled at her, and in moments had the cart completely surrounded. 
Diame sprang up and stood in middle the cart to make some distance away from them. "Please, nay! I must make it to Ijia, I have nothing to take! Shul, help! Do something!" Her heart pounded against her chest she felt as if she would faint. God, nay! Why is this happening?! The robbers had their hands over knives ready to brandish them, and what she could see of their eyes was cold hatred directed at her. As they stood still, she could hear footsteps coming from down the road. Diame's eyes widened in disbelief as a familiar gaunt-faced young lord, with a gilt monkey head's cane emerged from the fog. 
Walking casually by the thugs with their faces covered, he approached Shul as if they didnt exist. "Ah, you have done well bringing her all the way out here. Shul, it looks as though your usefulness will allow you to keep your livelihood after all." He said crassly with distaste for his mule driver. "Ah, here she is, this aethermancer is going to make me even wealthier beyond my dreams." He grinned at her a disgusting smile on his perfect teeth.
"L-" Diame couldn't believe anything she was seeing, "Lord Igor?!" She realized she was still hiding behind Shul's shoulders, and quickly pushed herself away from him, "You brought me here!?" She said with utter disgust for the man whom she just shared a cart with for nearly two whole days. I demand to know what in God's name is going on here!" Her shouted trembled as she stood upright.
The young lord chuckled a spiteful laugh at her, "Aye, I supposed I forgot to tell you," Lord Igor lifted up his gold cane and took his time staring into the eyes of the monkey head, "I... was planning on kidnapping you, and selling you into slavery. I was going to pay you no mind, as why would I waste my time with some lass in my mule drivers cart? I coud sense that you had a talent for using aether, I tested you to make sure. And now you will add to my wealth. Many would pay a fortune to have a witch at their beck and call." He licked his lips as he smiled at her, "And an especially comely lass such as yourself would double as some sick bastard's plaything as well. As you are the bounty, I ask that you do not struggle." He leered at his henchmen, "Well, what are you waiting for?! Secure the witch in aethereal binds!" He shouted.
"Nay! Someone, help!" Diame screamed, but that did not stop a robber from starting to pull himself up over the cart's catch.
"Shaddap!" The man snarled as he started to climb in, "Come along quietly lass or I'll wring that neck of yours faster than-"
In a swift motion, Diame swung her staff and cracked the man over the head with all her might, and gasped in shock as he fell backwards into the dirt. "I-I'm sorry!" Diame apologized as she covered her mouth in disbelief as the man lay with a bloodied brow by her hand. She wanted to ask if he was alright, but there was no time for that as the gang of other rogues all at once reached into the cart, grabbing for her and climbing over one another. 
"Hurry it up!" Lord Igor shouted, his voice strained with contempt.
A robber leapt over another and began to grab at her, "Nay!" She screamed as she swung her staff again, and he gripped it fast and threatened to pull it away with one hand as she used by all her strength with two to hold on. "Leave me be! Please!" Diame pleaded. On either side, men grabbed at Diame's robes, and pulled her in two directions, nearly pulling her over. "Nay!" She screamed again as she stuggled with the three brutes to not be over taken, yet more started to climb into the cart one after the other. "Help me! Holy Evaz'sa! Save me!"  Her staff was nearly wrested from her, and her strength dwindled. "Heeelp! Anyone!!!" She shouted with the last of her mustered might, hearing her voice echo off into the distance of the forest. In a wash, all she could hear was her voice, all she could see was the mist swirling around her glimmering bright blue, and it became hard to see and hear what was happening around her anymore. Diame felt a strong chill, and suddenly became even more aware of every droplet of water in the forest down to the tiniest puddle. What?! Nay, why now does the aether overpower me so?! I can scarce see a thing! Her thoughts resounded as she tried to see what was happening around her. God, any time but now! She thought she was hallucinating, but she felt as though she could move but was in no hold. 
All was still bright white to her, then she realized she was engulfed in mist so thick that it marred her vision so. Then in an instant, all the mist seemed to fade to a faint blue veil around her. She went pale, the entire group of robbers were standing around her within arms reach, their eyes wide open, reaching out as if they could still not see a thing.
"F-... Find her!" Lord Ignor shouted with a cracked voice, not even sure exactly where his cohorts were. "Do not let her escape using such base witchery, you fools!" His yell was near breathless with exascerbation as all his men instead gazed around them completely dumbfounded and disoriented.
In haste, Diame shouldered her bag, and kicked the back hatch open to the cart. It dropped down and bludgeoned the same rogue in the head once more, who only just regained himself to sit up. But Diame failed to notice any of that as she hopped out onto the ground and ducked around them through all the confusion. She ran off of the main road and passed behind some trees, and tried not to stumble as she maneuvered through a bumpy path of raised roots. She had no idea where in the forest she was or where she was running to with all her might. She knew she needed to be far away from here, yet she still had find a way out of the forest. There was a grueling commotion of shouts of frustration from behind her, yet all she could do was run with all the speed her legs could take her.




MINUTES PASSED and Diame was out of breath and it took all her will to not sick up from running. She kept moving. Looking behind her she took in full gulps of the misty air, she saw no one but would not allow herself to stop. What if they are right behind me? All her muscles locked up, and she slowed involuntarily. "Nay... Don't stop," she panted, "Keep running!" She breathlessly reminded herself, then slowed to a stumbling walk.
 She had to rest, and if she was going to faint she wouldn't let it be out in the open. She ducked behind a group of small bushes and was mostly hidden, she dropped her staff and bag and fell down on to her hands and knees, gulping for air. All she could hear was her breath, and in fear she clasped her hands around her mouth for a moment to hear if any footsteps were up on her. She heard nothing but the sound of her heart beating as if it were going to leap from her throat. There was naught else but the sounds of the rustles of wind and the deep birds. She breathed again a sigh of relief, nearly thinking she would feel ill if held it any longer. She sat still for a moment, trying to regain herself.
Diame brought her dirty hands up to her face, and saw they were shaking. "What have I done to myself?" she whispered sharply to her self. I cant stay here any longer, they will surely be up on me any moment. She grabbed her things and stood upright, cautiously peering out from above the bushes. There was no one and she arose and looked around her. She truly was alone in the forest full of fog, thankful to be so. However, she was also completely lost, and had no way of knowing where she was on the map. "I must get out of here as fast as I can, but in which direction?" She looked around her, trying to find the sun, but as it reached its zenith, it was hard to tell which way was East or West. "The trees?" She said to herself and inspected some of the nearby trees, "Moss always grows on the North side, right?" Indeed, it did seem to grow in a direction that was not where she had just came running from. She started in that direction as fast as she could, as Ijia would be to the North, eventually. She hoped. 
Diame kept a fervent run as she dodged branches and tried to find a path between all the overgrown greenery around her. She was full of adrenaline and had no thought of looking back, however, she felt like her stamina wouldn't last forever and have to stop again eventually. What am I going to do? She wondered as she ran, then she slowed to a sudden halt. "I need to stay focused, and not stay from a single path... Water...?" The priestess stopped and gave thought to her senses. A water source, a large one she had felt the presence of for some time now suddenly felt as though it was up on her. "What could that be?" It veered slightly in the direction she was headed anyway, and she started off once again in that direction.
She kept running, worried with every step that she was going in the wrong way and be captured. But she had to be close to this water source she felt so strongly. She knew she was. 
Around another cospe of trees she stopped to catch her breath when she found what looked like a small lake. The still water was shallow and clear, and light shone down to the bottom. The edges were all surrounded by trees and bushes, and she was cut off from sight mostly, so she sat a moment by the water's edge. The water smelled pure and clean and she washed the dirt off her hands and cooled the sweat from her brow. She felt refreshed and her mind returned to her, Diame thought up on what to do next. She had to stay on the move, but she thought she perhaps might be able to find another clue to lead her in the right direction out of the forest. 
She looked around her, and felt a relief as there was a wooden sign across the water, it read 'Echo Pond' from a worn carving. "Echo Pond?" Diame pondered. "Maybe I can find it on the map?" Hurriedly, she opened her satchel and pulled out the worn map, and the yellow flower Sindha gave her fell out to the ground. Carefully picking it up, Diame took a thoughtful moment to look up on it. "I will make it back to Teva, after I fulfil what I have set out to do in Ijia. I sweat it." She kissed the flower as she placed it back in her bag. 
"Let's see," Gazing up on the map, she clearly saw the forest between the mountains, and several of the main pathways. There were some of the large rivers mapped, but she could not find where in this vast forest this Echo Pond could possibly be. "Do not dare to tell me it isn't on the map?" The thought she said outloud rang true, it would be nearly impossible to mark a map without a landmark. "I guess I need to hurry, I don't have the time to waste if I don't even know where... I don't even know where I am...!" She stood up with the map in hand, and let out a heavy sigh, she looked around as if she would suddenly be able to match the infintismal forest up to a random place on the map.
Something bright caught her eye from nearby the waters edge, a small firefly, or light of a will-o'-wisp darted away from out of  her sight behind a tree. She blinked, it vanished. "What was that?" She started over to where she saw it, "I knew I saw something!" She would not doubt herself, and practically threw herself over a small shrub to get to where she saw the glint of light. She looked around her for the tiny light, and could see it not. "Surely, I was meant to happen across here, God is trying to guide me now, more than ever. And I do need Her help now!" She tried to sense the aether around her, and to the High Priestess of Water, all she could detect was the strong source of water aether ourpouring from the pond behind her. 
Diame took in a deep breath, and kept her thoughts clear, she was not going to let anything stop her. She felt the strong inundation of water, but amid her mind's eye, she could sense a faint elemental trace of light aether, and it was still just ahead of her. She opened her eyes where she envisioned seeing that faint energy, and just a stones throw away before her was a large, rough hewn tree. "There!" She ran over to the tree that looked to be ancient, its height was well beyond any other around it, and its bark was thick and coarse, as if it weathered the elements countless times. Diame approached the tree, carefully walked over its large, gnarled roots that outstretched in unnatural curls. She could still sense the light, and faintly see a glow through the tree. "Hello?!" Diame shouted, but made sure not too loudly so none else could hear her. "Hello! Can you hear me?!" 
There was no response or movement from the wisp, and Diame looked up close at the huge, gnarled tree. There was a small crevase between some of the winding gnashed together bark, and what seemed to be a deep knothole in its trunk. Diame leaned forward, and peered into the hole, and near instatly, the the ball of light shook, and flew down through the tree, into the ground, and halted again. 
Diame's eyes nearly leapt from her head, and she leapt forward and threw herself against the tree and spoke through the tiny hole, "Oh, small wisp of light! I'm so sorry to bother you, but I am lost!" she shouted at the great tree, not sure if she was even talking to something sentient.
There was no response, but the ball of light stayed where it was, almost quivering.
Diame stood there before the great tree, and looked up at the twisted wood. I don't even know if my words are even reaching anyones ears, and if they were, what would any hidden magickal creature have to trust mankind? She thought carefully, she wouldn't want to scare this easily startled being off. She had one chance to ask it for help, and she thought hard. I believe that it took an interest in me first. Perhaps whatever it was saw an interest in my magicks when I was searching for the water aether? 
The High Priestess of Water beseeched the glowing light within the tree once more. "Please listen to me, I-I'm on pilgrimage, you see. My name is Delan-" She stopped herself, she had no reason to lie about her identity to a magickal creature. "I mean, that is to say... I am the High Priestess Diame Serigh. I have traveled from Teva, and left my sacred cause to protect the water temple because..." She caught her breath, realizing she was just saying everything so quickly out in the open. But she had to press on to get this magick creature to trust her. "Because, I fear for the safety of my village, for all of mankind!" she said, unsure if magick creatures even cared about the fate of man in the slightest. Pausing for a breath, she realized that what she was saying wouldn't make sense to anyone and decided to simplify her words. "Oh, wisp! Whatever you are, please, hear me out! I don't know where I am, and I have no hope of getting out of this forest and," Diame heard the tremble in her voice and looked around, and saw no one in the mist around her. "There are terrible men after me, and they mean to capture and enslave me! I have done nothing wrong! Just, if you could help me, just show me the fastest way out of the forest, I swear I will tell only God and forget all about you! Please, wisp..." She uttered and stared at the gleam of light shining though the base of the tree's roots. It quivered not at all, and held still. 
A shout of rage echoed, far off in the distance and Diame's stomach began to sink to her feet. She had to run soon and it seemed this time spent was all for naught. "I beg you! Please!" She said on the verge of tears, and louder than she had intended. Hoping that someone was there, weighing her words, she decided to calmly hold the silence for a moment. 
She saw the wisp of light move back up though the trunk of the tree, and Diame's heart nearly leapt to her throat when a small creature emerged from the tiny knothole. She beheld with wonder a small person, glowing purple, flying by mothwings that were spotted with several pairs of blue owls' eyes. "You there! Lower your voice! You'll rouse everyone into a snaff!" A strange voice said quite firmly in a high pitched cadance, hovering above the small hole in the tree.
"By the Saints!" Diame's eyes bulged nearly out of her head, and she dropped her staff she knelt against the warped roots. "A-a faery?" She blinked in near disbelief, but with enough strange goins on she trusted what she saw right out. "Pray, help me find my way, and I'll be off. I won't cause any trouble and keep this place a secret, I swear it." She clasped her hands together, "Please, I beg of you." 
"So, heres the thing," the fairy said as he landed on the edge of the knothole. "I really must go and shouldn't even be talking to you. But evidently, I led you here! Oh, grummlies!" The purple glow around the small fairy disappeared, a young man about the size of a palm stood there at eye level with Diame. "I daresay I will have my wings pluck'd if anyone catches me here with you, girl." He had his arms folded, and his expression was not friendly. Yet the cautious creature seemed to await hearing her out, eyeing her carefully.
 "Please, just show me the way out. I mean to leave here as fast as possible and trouble you no further." Diame begged the faery, her voice near exasperation, yet the creature seemed to have nothing but scorn for her. He seems quite standoffish, by all his right. I must show him I mean no harm. "I know mankind has done frightening things that must have scared magickal creatures into hiding, but I have sought out on a mission to prevent a great amount of suffering up on the world. I hope you can trust me and see I am not someone with any ill intentions. Whats is your name, friend? Rest assured I mean to forget it as soon as I leave." She smiled, trying to break the faery's icy demeanor.
The faery fluttred his purple wings, making a strange, almost hypnotizing motion. He shrugged with a sigh. "Micarus. Friends call me Mica."
Diame blinked. Well that was easy. "Well then, Mica, nice to meet you."
"Nay, it is not. As we are not friends, I need your guarantee you will leave immediately, never return, and most importantly, never tell anyone of this place." His wings continued to flutter and flit in a nervous fright.
Nodding acquisingly, Diame continued on. "I am headed to Ijia, if you could just point me in the right direction, oh! Or even better," she opened her bag and produced her map. "If you could but mark where I am-"
"Mark where the great tree is? Are you persnickt?! Show it off or sell it, you would!" He snapped at her, accusingly.
        She calmly took a breath and assured him, "I will show no one your home, and I would surely find my way out, and never trouble you again."
        With a long pause followed by a heavy sigh, Micarus nodded to the human, and outstretched his hand to her held out map. As he eyed it carefully, two glints of light flickered out from his fingertips, and crossed her map as if he burned the scribble by sunlight. "There." The faery said, and then he pointed off as if to motion past the tree. "Travel North-East just beyond this area and a path should clear up soon. It should take you straight out of the forest. You werent too far off, but a forest can trap people if they get lost. Now, off with you." The faery was once again covered in a violet glow, and hovered in the air.
        "Thank you! Eyes watch over you, faery!" She said to the glow of light, still in near disbelief that she just recieved aid from a magick creature. "Truly, God must have willed me to find your help. I can't thank you enough." She folded up her map into her bag and shouldered it as she leant on her staff. "I shall make haste. Thank you again." She bowed and went to turn.
"I must say," Micarus said, "You are quite unlike other humans. You do have a powerful pull of the aether around you. Do stay safe, and as you keep this secret, you do your kind justice. Oushka-loo, oushka-lay. Farewell, Lady Diame." He seemed to bow through his glow, and with that, the ball of light flew back into the great tree and the high priestess watched as it disappeared deep into the ground.
What peculiar creatures... Diame mused to herself, and with a quick glace at her map, she hurried off in the direction she was pointed in. 


























                IV.4 Fate of a Wanderer


LEAPING OVER ROOTS in bounds across the forest floor, Diame kept a steady pace in the direction where she was told to go by a faery. Something she was still awestruck about, yet had no time to contemplate it. She was mindfully keeping her North-East bearing by paying attention to the direction of the sun, which was now past its zenith and now came from the West. She kept her pace in a ferver, the High Priestess of Water holding her faith as her only guide that she would find her way out.
Emerging through a thicket of swaying treebranches, she stumbled out in the open on a well worn road, the first she had seen since she had ran away from her would-be friend Shul and Igor's gang of kidnappers. Diame was taken aback, and her blue eyes widened as she strained to look down the fog. She got her bearings and began down the road ahead of her, and as long as she didn't see anyone, she was sure she would soon be out of the forest. She saw this road on her map and was certain that she had just stumbled out of the wild near the end of it, and she would then cross the open seaside fields to make it to Ijia at long last.
I do hope I know where I am going. Diame thought to herself, "Eyes watch over me, and see that I arrive in Ijia swiftly and safely." She uttered the small prayer as she kept steadily down the road. She thought of her duties in Teva, how foolish it would be if she was truly lost and never seen again, or was kidnapped and no one knew she was even gone. She left so secretively, no one could even begin to know where to start looking for her. She let that worry assure her resolve to make it to Ijia safely and kept steadily down the forest path. She had such an important message from God to deliver, and she thought of her promise to Sindha that she would return, and all her help from Eljuk and everyone in Teva. 
Diame continued down her path although she was unable to see it with the density of the fog and the many bends in the road. She could sense in the near distance the fog would disperse, and father still in the distance roared the ocean. Only she could hear the voice of the sea from such a far off distance, surrounded by the sounds of the forest. Just a little farther ahead, Ijia should be near. I'm certain of it! Diame hastened her steps, drawn by the excitement of having not seen the grandness of the royal castle in such a long time.
Drawn to the feel of the ocean, she knew she was headed in the ride way, nearing the boundries of the forest. Diame couldnt help herself and upped her steady pace into a run she hoped she could keep up. She was tired, but she was sure to arrive at the great cathedral with her message at the ready.
Nothing else mattered to her and the priestess ran, the bends in the road turned and then something collided with her stomach, and she was knocked to the ground. Her vision was blurred and she gasped for breath.
"Ugh!" she groaned, and looking around her, she saw a huge, hulking man, who had hit her with some sort of wooden club. He stood tall over her, laughing scornfully down at the woman he had just bludgeoned.
The brooding brute with filth ridden over his gnarled face grabbed Diame by her robes, and pulled her up off her feet. "Yeh wastin' all our valuable time!" He yelled in her face through mangled green teeth as he held her fast, and started to walk off with her back into the forest.
"Naaay!" Diame screamed, and struggled against his  pull. He grabbed his arm around her, and held hard with all his might that he would crush her if he wished.
"Stop strugglin'!" He shouted as he carried her off, then snarled at her contemptuously. "I 'ad to use all me wits, and I guessed you'd come around 'ere soon'r or later!" He then began to laugh wickedly, "Hehe, but guess who here cought the prize, eh! Lord Igor will compensate me well for bringing you back. Better stop strugglin', or I can't gurantee his goods will be undamaged. Hahah!" He chuckled with nothing but hatred.
With her heart racing, she felt herself being pulled away from the sea, and her ribs felt as though they would break from his grip. Nay, I can't let it end like this! I will fight! She pushed against his grip to no avail, and then screamed as loud as she could, and turned up to him and shrieked in his ears as loud as she could. He slapped her with his free hand, and threw her to the ground against the hard packed earth and stone. The shock threw her off balance, and she was on the ground on her hands and knees. She turned up to him as she struggled to get back on her feet, but he stood over her, and leant down to grab her. "Naay! Let. Me. Go!!!" Diame screamed louder, and again with all her might.
He kept laughing at her, "Aye, scream lass! Let them know right where I 'ave you! Gahaha!" And grabbed her by her robes.
Willing all her might, Diame kicked him in his stones as hard as she could, and slipped out from her blue robes he had his grip on. Down to her ceremonial gown, she stumbled as she made as much distance from the thug as she could, and ran as fast as she could. 
With a loud wheeze, the man fell to his knees. "You bitch!" the man yelled, and began to make his way back into his feet. "I'll get you for that! Ugh, in just a few moments! Blimey!" he grunted with pain and anger. 
She was in such shock that Diame's heart nearly beat out of her chest, but as her thoughts raced by, she lead herself only by the instinct to survive, and she ran. Headed towards Ijia with all her might, she hoped that the man was not just behind her. She did not turn her head to find out. But she could hear his grunts of rage in the distance, and he started after her with a furious roar. Eyes watch over me! Just run! Diame prayed as she ran, hoping to be saved from her abysmal predicament.
"I'm going to get you! And break yer legs before I drag you back!" The man shouted, as he ran after her. A loud whistling sound was heard in the distance. He gave a small pause and put his fingers to his mouth and whistled back. 
After a moment, it sounded as though the forest was alive with movement. Diame couldnt help herself and looked over her shounder. Behind the man chasing her, another gnarled thug emerged from the bushes down the road. He started after her as well, and let out a yell "Over here!" to other bandits moving behind flailing foiliage. 
"Just run!" Diame shuddered to herself as she hurried on. She could hear them gaining on her, and she was growing weak and at a loss of breath. There were several voices behind her, all angrily shouting and charging at her, she did not stop. "God, save me!" she prayed as she ran from the hulking man, who was just behind her, with others just behind him. 
He reached out his arm at her, "I have you now!" he kept grabbing at her, trying to grip onto her robes and hair. She could smell the foulness of his breath just up on her, the grunts of rage as he breathed heavily to catch her. She regretted looking back, and saw his grimy hand inches from her face. She worked up the last of her strength to scream a final time, but a whirr in the air and something shiny darted just before her eyes.
A sound as if something struck against a tree echoed and silenced other sounds momentarily, and then the man let out a trembling roar as he fell to the ground in excruciating pain. 
Turning back, Diame saw the man on his knees, holding a severely wounded hand with the other, while a white arrow stuck into a tree with bloodied arrowfeathers. She had no time to think about it and kept on moving, as the other thugs ignored their comrade and were still were in close pursuit of her. 
If she thought the forest was alive before, suddenly it seemed as though every bush and tree bough shook, and there emerged steel-clad knights, each bearing the silver and blue winged crest of Ijia on their armor. "Halt! By the authority of the Paladins of Ijia!" A knight shouted through his helmet.
Diame ran right past the company of knights, and they let her pass, and she looked back between them. The brutes chasing her could barely stop themselves in their tracks in their surprise. One fell right over on his face before the knights, and the other began to run back the way he came. An arrow struck his leg, and he fell over. Other bandits in the distance still ran towards them in the chaos, and then a mixed reaction of them still running in rage or stumbling over eachother to run away. 
"Charge! Disarm and capture!" A knight commanded with a shout that boomed throughout the forest. Instantly the road was flooded with Ijian Paladins, and their armored stomps marched steadily forward at the bandits, at the ready to draw their swords. The knights gave chase to the bandits, and gave shouts of "Halt! Answer for your crimes!" and "Stop in the name of Ijia!" as they charged. 
Coming to a full stop, Diame took a moment to catch her breath and looked back at the commotion. "Oh... my... God..." She panted as she watched the knights topple over the bandits and arrested them one by one. Many fled with the Paladins in pursuit, there was a loud cacaphony of armor rattling and the shouts of ruffian men being beat into submission. The priestess was sure that God had just helped her, but she was too awe struck to offer any praise. Truly, this journey was treacherous... but if I have made it to safety, then perhaps these knights will take me to Ijia. Perhaps thats how this must have been all God's will to end up like this from the start. Diame's breath returned to her, and she stood upright and took her gaze off the knights in pursuit of the bandits, and took in the forest around her. She wondered if there was another knight somewhere that she could talk to, and request aid to travel to Ijia proper. She saw no one but the knights arresting the bandits and chasing them down the road, even farther away from her. She was willing to wait for them to capture her kidnappers, but she felt the urgency to continue her journey.         But it was that moment she realized she was in naught but her white ceremonial dress, and she was bereft of her staff, satchel and robe in the struggle. There they were, strewn back down the road behind her. "Well, I certainly cant leave all my things behind. It should be safe enough with all these knights around. Perhaps one of them could direct me to the swiftest route to Ijia?" She started towards her belongings and felt an intensely sharp pain in her stomach and sides. She hunched and grabbed at them and the pain intensified as her adrenaline dissipated. Ugh, that brute might have cracked a rib when knocked the wind out of me. What vile men they were! I'm glad they are at the mercy of Ijian Knights. She stood upright and took a deep breath against the panges in her sides and stomach. "I'm not the greatest with Healing magicks, but what I can do should suffice." She imagined the Water Temple and the interlocking waterfalls, and there in that image in her mind was a dripping ball of light, like an over flowing spring of incandescene, it filled the waters below as it hovered above the temple. All of the Temple of Water was aglow, and lit up all of Teva. Diame saw herself standing before the temple, and wanted to reach for this power in her mind. She was extremely cautious, however, as she was brimming full of the temple's aether. To conduct such energies that are retained from within, one must take lots of care, she reminded herself a teaching from her late master. One must use a suitable amount of aether for the intent of your spell, using too much may produce an unwanted or harmful result. Especially with spells on one's self, as The Protection of Faith only protects from harm directed from others. 
With caution, Diame grabbed at the energy of the Water Temple. A glint of light protruded from the waterfall entrance, and ourpoured a hovering stream of energy, and she pulled the aether towards herself with slow and careful thoughtfulness. The Priestess trying to get the amount of energy she needed was like trying to pull a tiny trickle from crashing rapids. She felt the healing energies envelope her and she felt its warm light, her bruised ribs healed and she took a deep breath in shock, the pain ceased and she could breathe normally once again. She didn't realize how badly she had been injured up until she had been healed.
"He definitely must have hit me hard, that really hurt." Diame said, letting go of her sides and stomach, and stood upright. "There we are." She said, satisfied with the success of her healing spell. As if releasing a breath of air, Diame let go of the source of water aether within her. Things almost were as normal, yet to her eyes, every infintismal drop of mist floating in the air glowed as a speck of blue light. It somewhat marred her normal vision of the road, yet it took some getting used to, and it wore off with time. She could barely see her bag down the road, yet her staff seemed to swirl the glowing aether around it, even as it lay still on the ground. 
Making her way over to her things, Diame was careful to watch her step as her eyes adjusted to seeing the aether in her vision. It was quite strange viewing the world this way, and it even seemed that the aether was playing tricks on her, a gap in the glowing air about the size of a person was headed straight towards her, yet no one was there. Diame leant forward and blinked, bemused. The next moment she knew, the empty gap in the air was up on her, and her arms were in a firm grip. 
"What is this?!" Diame shouted, "Heeelp!" her scream rang out, then a grip wrapped around her throat, and she grabbed at it, struggling against what she throught was thin air.
Then a face reared out from the air attacking her, Lord Igor wore rage that quivered his brow and nostrils, yet his teeth were a victorious grin. "At last, you're MINE." He roared in her ear and he turned her to face him.
Diame's deep-blue eyes widened with disgust at the sight of the detestable man. As some sort of cloak fell off the young lord, he laughed as it lay to the ground, revealing him fully visible as he held her fast. 
"A cloak to bend the light, it tricks the eye rendering the wearer completely void from sight." He snarled a laugh at her. "I knew you were powerful, which will yield a high price, but I didn't know you'd be such a bloody pain in the arse! Now," he produced some sort of manacles from his pocket, "Put these on! I can't afford you to try any more tricks, witch!" 
With all her might, she struggled against him, and he readied her bindings with a merciless grin in his perfect teeth. I can't let this be the end! I won't! She wrested against his grip, but she indeed was tired from having run and fought off so many others. Her struggle grew weak, and she was flailing, out of breath, still straining to see around her through all the blue light. "Nay! Unhand me this instant!"
The young lord tightened his grip around her, "Hah! And what if I don't!" he mocked her.
A voice spoke with a commanding authority, "Unhand the lady at once, vile scoundrel!" and a lone Paladin fully clad in Ijian armor with a billowing green cape approached them from behind the trees. "I'll not ask again." His hand reached for his swordhilt at his side, he did not yet draw. He seemed to stare down Lord Igor through his helmet, and authority exuded from him as he demanded the criminal to stand down.
Lord Igor sneered at the knight, "Like hell I will! Now, stay back, or I'll snap this pretty one's neck like a twig!"
Diame stopped her struggle, but he held her fast, althought he was deftly daunted by the knight before him. Oh God, please let this knight in armor be my savior! She prayed as she remained held fast by the crazed man. The knight clad in metal was still as stone, and Diame could feel Lord Igor start to shake. The man truly was a coward, however dangerous. She upturned a lip in disgust to him and at how he planned to carry her off in binds all along.
"Let's see, attempted kidnapping would be several years in gaol, but you'd live to see the light of day. Murder, however," The Paladin took a step forward.
"Stay, BACK!" The young lord growled like a beast.
"... would be dealt with more harshly. If you break that girl's neck, I assure you," he took another step forward, and Lord Igor stepped back. "I will see to it you'll regret the day your sorry arse fell out of your mum. You will spend the rest of your days suffering a life of hard labor with severe punishments."
"I am WARNING you!" Lord Igor roared, "It would be wise to NOT test me, knight! I have killed many men as well as women, and you will not trick me!"
The knight took another step forward. "Unhand her now, and try and fight me, you filthy coward!"
"Urgh! Do I have to break her neck to make my point clear to you?!" Igor tightened his grip around Diame's neck, nearly cutting off all her breath, and took several steps back with her. "YOU turn around IF you want her to LIVE. Or if you want her so much, have her as a lifeless CORPSE! Hmmm! Choices! Well I'll make it easy for you if you dont piss off right now you STUPID, SHITE EATI-AHHH" the young lord screamed as a small pidgeon-hawk swooped down from the boughs above and began pecking at his eyes and clawing at his face in a clamor of squawks. With one arm, he kept flinging the bird away from him, and Maji flew back in for another attack repeatedly. "Get off of me! GAHH!" He shrieked in high pitched tones as he still tried to hold on to Diame as he fought off the bird out for blood.
Siezing the opportunity, the knight lunged himself at full speed at them, and grabbed the man by the arm he held Diame in. He yanked his arm free from around her, and tossed the young lord over his shoulder to the ground. The helpful hawk took flight and was gone as fast as he came.
Taking some steps away from the fight, Diame hunched over, coughing and gagging as she tried to regain her breath, and was taken aback as she saw that the young lord had been thrown onto his head, knocking the man out cold.
"I had been tracking him, I thought I had lost him for the longest time. Who would have known the man had donned an invisibility cape! Completely threw me off. My apologies for not stopping the brute sooner." The knight said as he turned upright to Diame from throwing the man. "Are you unharmed?"
Diame nodded her head to him as she stayed bent over to catch her breath.
The knight stood before her and removed his helmet,  there stood a handsomely tough man with emerald green eyes, fierce with fire and determination. Sun colored hair spilled to eitherside of his face, and the rest of his hair was tied to the back in a long ponytail. He held his helmet against his hip with one hand and placed the other over his chest, performing a formal bow to her. "I am Xavier Alexander, Lord General of the Paladins of Ijia. What is your name, mi'lady? And how is it that you've come to be out here, all on your own?" He stared at her with a genuine concern for her well being in his eyes.
It took a moment for Diame to realize she was breathless yet again, but for other reasons. What she did not know was that she was blushing deeply at the dashing knight who had just rescued her. She cought herself just blankly staring into his eyes, nearly forgetting than she didn't even answer his question. "Oh, aye, my name!" Diame chuckled absently. Oh, what do I tell him? If I say I am the Water Temple Priestess Diame, he may just send me right back home. I'd better just keep being Delandra until I have safely carried my message to Ijia. "I am Lady Delandra from, uh, a secluded, wealthy family of nobles. I was on pilgrimage to the Cathedral of the Light when I was harried by those brutes. Thank God and Eyes watch over us that you were here to stop them, Lord General." Then it donned on her, that she was in the middle of nowhere, and one of the most powerful figures in Ijia had just saved her life, and she can idly converse with such a person. Obviously, Holy Evaz'sa is watching over me. Even as I am the most lost and desperate, She has sent Holy Paladins sworn to protect the commonsfolk to my side. Such is the importance of this message I carry that the divine would intervene see to my safe travels. She reminded herself the importance of delivering her message, and how close she came to nearly never seeing the light of day again.
Coming up from the road were a handful of the many Paladins, hustling a march. As they ran around Diame's things in the road, they gathered her robe, staff and satchel as they made their way towards them. Xavier took note of them, and nodded to Diame. "Well then, I shall ensure your safety to Ijia, my Lady Delandra." He smiled at her, seemingly for her sake to assure her doubts. 
"Truly, you would help me the rest of the way to Ijia? I can't thank you enough already!" Diame nearly made doe eyes back at the man, and cought herself again from acting like a lusty foolish girl. It seemed to her as if he was a man who conveyed discipline in every one of his actions. He seemed like the person who never truly was happy, the weight of his responsibilities weighed before every action or emotion allowed to be felt. He had such a presence, she could hardly focus on anything else. She realized she was making doe eyes at him, and she turned away, feeling the heat on her face. Oh my goodness, this man is very dashing. Stop it girl, you are a sister of the cloth on an important mission. And he probably has a wife already. I wonder if he does? Wait, now is not the time for such thoughts, where is your head, girl? The mission! "Oh, haha, sorry, all the excitement seems to be taking its toll on me." She nearly began fanning herself.
"Not at all mi'lady, please take your time to compose yourself. You've been through quite a lot." Xavier said to her with a nod. 
Three of his knights stopped just before them, each one holding one of Diame's things. "I believe these belongings are yours? Here you are mi'lady, once you are ready." One of the armored Paladins said.
"Keen work, men. What of the bandits?" The general asked his knights.
"Sir, we have the lot of them bound and detained. We are questioning them now, mi'lord." another knight responded.
"As I expected, good work. Very well then, prepare my horse. As soon as Lady Delandra is ready, I am personally escorting her to Ijia." Xavier said with a salute, his fist over his heart.
"Aye, sir!" his Paladins replied, and in a hurry they ran up the road in formation to carry out their orders.


















 
















                IV.5 The Road To Ijia


SETTLING HER RED HAIR underneath her blue robe, Diame stood with the Paladin Knights, happy to be reunited with her satchel and staff. In mere minutes, they had walked up the road where the forest began to to up into a wide open glen of tall green grass, swaying in the wind. It was still quite foggy, but she could hear and smell the ocean in the near distance.
 The entire gang of twenty or so men was marched before her, well guarded and in chains and bounds. They sat on the earth and awaited their fate of being locked up in the nearby fortress's prison. Lord Igor remained in a daze, and Paladin medics were seeing to his head injury using healing magicks to bring him coherent enough so he could stand trial. 
Shuddering as she perished the thought of her would have been fate, Diame turned her attentions to Xavier, who was talking to a fellow Paladin holding the reins of a humongous horse, about half the size as the surrounding tall trees. He had big black eyes, hair white as snow, and had a long mane. The horse seemed to be fitted with two saddles, and it was certainly big enough to hold two people. The general beckoned to her and she went to him. 
"Have you ever rode horseback, mi'lady?" Xavier motioned to his steed, and gestured her toward him. "Do not be afraid of this kindred beast, this here is my personal steed, Thundercloud." 
The tall horse whickered as he heard his name, and Diame was weighing her options. Well, I am not going to refuse the offer of one of the generals of Ijia, however, I have never rode on horseback before, however, Delandra has! "Of course, my lord general. All the time in our private courtyards with my sisters!" She laughed a nervously into a strange sound she wish she hadn't made. Don't embellish too much, girl. It's bad enough you must lie, but to the knight general's face after he's been so good to me does pang my conscience. "Ahem." she cleared her throat, "Well, let us not waste another moment. I thank you again for saving me. Truly, you have strengthened my faith in God by coming to my aid, and now you help me once more to take me the rest of my pilgrimage? You are truly a godsend, Lord Xavier."
        A smile cracked up on Xavier's stoney face, "Well mi'lady, if we depart now, we can cross the great fields and arrive in Ijia just before sundown. Shall we?" He motioned Diame to the giant horse, hands ready to help boost her into her saddle.
        "Aye, let us be off. I must needs arrive in Ijia as soon as I can, and being harried by those brutes I am finding myself quite delayed. I thank you for your help once again, my lord." She then stared at his hand, and apparently he wanted her to do something. There are two saddles... but how am I supposed to climb onto this behemoth of a horse? She thought it best to not test the kind knight's patience and just give it a try. How hard could riding a horse be? She took a breath and took a step onto the gauntlet guarding Xavier's hand as he lifted her up. Diame slumped atop the saddle on her stomach, and nearly fell off to the other side, but she quickly sprawled to correct herself into a seating position and her long blue robe draped to the sides of the horse. "Well, that wasn't too difficult." She said to herself as she held tightly onto her saddle's pommel.
        "Send a messenger to Fort Forestglenn, report all that has occured to Lord Rendien." Xavier said with clear command to his awaiting Paladin knights. "Inform him I have returned to Ijia and to be ever watchful for anymore of Lord Igor's lot of kidnappers." 
        His knights resounded, "Aye, sir!" and then ran off in different ways, each seeing to a different detail.
        With a foot in the stirrup, Xavier pulled himself up right onto Thundercloud like he had countless times before. "Are you ready, my Lady Delandra?" He asked as he changed his gauntlets to his riding gloves.
        "Aye, I am, and you have my eternal gratitude for being so generous to take me to Ijia, and for saving me... Just, I can't thank you enough. I desperately need to get to Ijia quickly and your help is more than what I could ask for." Diame responded, getting used to sitting on this humongous beast so far off the ground, and so close to the Lord General.
        "Then, let us be off. Oh, and if you would, wrap your arms around me, and hold on tight." Xavier said with concern in his candor.
        "Oh, of course!" She did as such hesitant at first to wrap her arms around such a dashing man, but she pressed herself against his armor and and was happy he could not see the shade of red her face was. "Ready when you are, my lord." She said in an embarrassed pitch higher than she intended.
        "Very well," Xavier said with a sense of bated patience for the adventure that lie ahead. "Thundercloud is a big beast and will carry us to Ijia swiftly, however, his gallops are strong and will toss us to and fro, so do take care to not let go of me. As you may know, a fall from a horse is not an easy one to recover from, mi'lady."
        Diame caught herslef from blushing a shade redder and reminded herself of her mission. Fool girl, you are offered a ride from one of the most powerful men in Ijia. Just accept the fortune you have and stop acting like a blushing naive lass! She cleared her voice "Aye, I am ready. Take us there as swiftly as you can." She held her hands together tightly around his body armor, and rest her head against his cape.
        "Hold ever fast, and let me know if you need rest." Xavier gripped his reins and gave a firm nudge to the horse's sides, Thundercloud understood and began his trot through the forested area until there were no longer trees lining their path. 
        They traveled into wide bounding fields, slightly marred by the thinning mid-day fog drifting down the steady incline. Xavier once again reminded Diame to hold on tight as he gave Thundercloud another nudge, signaling him to a gallop. Steadily they rose up the encline into the highlands, and Diame could see more of the landscape, and all the scattered farmlands and hamlets in the foreground. There was a hulking mass in the distance, the two great mountains of Ijia, and nestled between them was a castle that neared the height of their peaks. The Great Castle of Ijia was built into the northern mountain, with its three tall towers that stood above all else. The shadow cast from the western mountain enveloped the west tower, and half of the main castle and cities of Ijia beneath it lining the eastern coast. 
        Growing in anticipation, Diame could hardly handle her own excitement. There it is! It is even more grand than I can remember when I was here years ago. I was rushed there and back in closed carriage on official affairs with the Church, and can not say I remember taking in the sights as vividly then as I do now. "It's truly breathtaking." She said outloud in awe.
        Xavier wore a proud grin that Diame could not see. He was proud of his knightly heritage, and honored to have been able to rescue a wandering fair lass and whisk her away to her destination of his home kingdom. She lay against his emerald green cape and seemed to be exhausted from her ordeal, yet she had the strength to endure on. "'Lady Delandra' on a religious pilgrimage..." He mumbled outloud with a vague curiosity, unsure if she heard him as he pressed Thundercloud onwards up through the motes of highland mist. 
        Ijia was far in the distance, but Thundercloud had stamina yet to run laps across continents, and carried his two companions to their destination without any qualms. 








        they continue to the farmlands and then ijia


        On a ship in the seas are tavian and mirnada right now


and time passes, we return to D and X


        
        






                IV.6 Light-Touched Earth


        THE SUN HUNG LOW in the western sky as the High Priestess and General of the Paladins traveled on horseback above the glimmering mists into the highlands. Xavier assured this 'Delandra' time and time again that they would make it to Ijia safely before nightfall. Yet, she seemed nervous about arriving in Ijia, but the way she persisted on arriving hastily conveyed some sort of unwavering determination. He had never seen someone who claimed they were merely on pilgrimage show such staunch resolve. Perhaps her ordeal took a toll over her nerves? He weighed as well so he did not judge her too harshly. They had exhanged a few words, she had questions of what life was like in Ijia, it seemed she hadn't heard too much of the recent siege laid up on Ijia from the Pevalian Empire. He thought that curious, where could she possibly be from where such unsettling news would not have reached her ears? Such a terrible thing had never happened before and how could a great threat go unheard of to this girl, yet she was headed straight to Ijia. His mind grew more and more curious, yet this was not the time to stop and ask questions. The knight general pressed Thundercloud onwards through the bounding countryside, he made a promise to take her to where she needed to be and he would not go back on his word, even though he wished to exchange further words with this mysterious girl. 
        The road had just split into two, marked by blue flags bearing the symbol of Ijia, flying high above the road by tall poles. The commonfolks road had less than the usual day's amount of people traveling it, though many of them stopped to revere the sight of the Lord General as he sped by, bounding down the road with a fair lady by his side. As the mist cleared up ahead, their eyes took in all small hamlets and farmlands that stretched on all the way to the kingdom proper. His heart weighed heavy for the poorest of Ijians, fated to work in the farmlands and never see many days of respite. He believed strongly in his oathes to protect every Ijian, no matter what their social status. That was part of being a selfless Paladin, to always help those in need, and to never draw ones sword needlessly to end conflict. Every day he abided by these laurels and taught his fellow Paladins by example how to be a chivilrous knight of the peace. He felt the weight of his responsibilities, with all knights and citizens alike always looking up to him in reverence. His foremost duty while within the castle walls is to ensure the safety of Queen Senna, to protect as her personal bodyguard. She had her elite guards while he was away, and he knew she would be safe in their care for the days he would have been gone, but he still couldnt help think of her safety. As he headed back to Ijia, he worried if she was alright as he always did when they were apart, but his heart felt lightened that would be back by her side just as fast as he had left. The castle and surrounding city and mountains grew bigger in the distance with every swift gallop of Thundercloud, soon he would fulfill the wishes of Delandra to finish her pilgrimage. Perhaps I'll chance see her again and ask a few more questions. He wondered idly a they bounded across another hill slope.
        "I can see Ijia clearer than ever from here. I am in your debt forever, my lord general." Diame said with a sense of relief as well as excitement. She had held on tight the entire time, and only asked about where they were or how much longer it would be until they arrived in Ijia.
        Xavier grinned that he had helped someone who was in dire need of it, yet he still felt like something was amiss with her story. He wondered what reasons an entire gang of bandits had for chasing after a single maiden, and setting up such an elaborate trap to kidnap her. Is something special about her that does not meet the eye? Or are times of war easily changing people's habits to those of violence? Why? Because of uncertainty of their own safety, do they pack with others to feel strong and take what they want by force? He shook his head, for none should have to ever turn to crime to support themselves. But he knew how fear easily persuades the hearts and minds of people, especially those who lack certainty. He realized he was over thinking things, yet his mind was always heavy, always weighing every thought for every grain of its worth.
        "My Lord General..." Diame said with an icy direness in her voice.
        "Aye, Lady Delanda?" He responded.
         "Well, over there," Diame pointed out at some dark clouds, rising in thick black motes over some of the farmlands just ahead off the road. "Those are not motes of mist... they most certainly are clouds of..." 
        "Of fire!" Xavier exclaimed. "My Lady, please hold on tight. We must go provide aid." 
        "Aye, of course!" She said, holding on even tighter and even had eagerness to help in her voice.
        With that, Xavier gave Thundercloud a firm signal kick, the horse sped forward faster than ever, and they hurried down the road to the source of the smoke. They took the side road off to the farms that lay in flames. There were farm folk running around in a panic with their hands in the air, some standing in the streets staring in shock. People saw their Lord General charging towards them, and began yelling at those who were awe struck in the middle of the road to move out of the way. They heeded and began shouting as well to clear the road, and people saw the knight general was suddenly there to help and moved so he could do so.
        Xavier and Diame were before the source of the billowing smoke, the farmers' humble wood and straw huts were set ablaze, bright orange and red flames bursting out the sides of the humble walls. The heat was hot against their faces, Thundercloud whinneyed a low bellow, he too could sense the danger. Xavier hopped off his horse and helped Diame off, then tied his reins to a fence of a farm that was not aflame. 
        Small crowds of scattered countryfolk approached them, and they asked the Paladin General for help in panicked shouts. All different families, all with grim fear on their faces. A man of younger years whose face was bloodied and bruised rushed right up to Xavier and spoke in a panic. "My lord! Please, help us!" he said in sharp, heaving breaths. In the firelight, his clothes were torn and bloodied, clearly he had been severely beaten. "Bandits, my lord! They've barred the doors with my family inside, and set fire to our homes for not paying them a tithe!" He collapsed to his hands and knees, "We are poor and couldn't pay what they offered, we begged them for mercy, but still, they..." he trailed off as he looked at the small wood and straw house going up in flame and smoke. A  portion of the roof caved in, and a chorus of screams was heard from within. Fear struck the man's face and he hands together as he pleaded to Xavier, "Please, Lord General can you save my family?!"
        Before he finished his sentance, Xavier ran off towards the house. He could hear Delandra calling something out to him, but his sights were set on the house set aflame. People in a line at a nearby well were pulling up pails of water, "Pardon me, miss." He said to a lady as he took her bucket of water she willingly gave, and doused himself and his green cloak in water. He ran off up to the house in flames, and indeed the front door and windows were boarded up, he hoped there still was time to save the family within. He grabbed at the wooden planks barring his way, and pulled at them with all his might. The nails pulled out of the walls and the wood gave way and broke, he threw the board aside and grabbed at the next board. "Just a couple more!" he told himself. The heat of the flames above was hot against his face, but Xavier continued breaking off the wooden planks, and grabbed at the doorhandle. He could feel the heat through his gauntlets, but his hand was protected well enough as he turned it and pushed at the door. It would not budge, and he tried to slam his body against the door. His armor clashed with the wood, to no avail. The terrified screams from within resounded again amidst the crackling of the flames. "Damn it!" he grunted as frustration overtook him, and he began to punch and kick at the door, and the weakened hinges stated to beak apart. The door partially fell back against some fallen burning debris, and he started to push it aside as he worked his way inside. The thick smoke poured out and up, Xavier ducked down and covered his face with his green cloak.  
        Inside was a fiery hell, the walls of the one large room were streaked with billowing flames, and the family beds and furnature were smouldering with embers. He couldn't see anyone among the flames and fallen rubble, but he knew he heard the family screaming in distress. "Is anyone in here?!" He yelled, fearing the worst. 
        "Aye! Under here!" a voice called out. 
        Xavier followed the voice to a shaking square cut out of the floor boards, some debris had fallen on top and he moved it aside. He pulled up a handle and inside was a young woman with two small children, a boy and a girl. They all had looks of terror changed to hope at the sight of Lord Xavier himself above them at their rescue. Black smoke began to pour into their small basement space, and they began to cough and choke. "We must hurry!" He wrapped an arm and gauntlet in his damp cloak and reached out to them. "Take my arm, and you two grab hold of your mother!"
        The woman grabbed hold of Xavier's arm, and in one motion he pulled the three of them up out of the basement boards and wrapped them in his green cloak. He covered his mouth with his other hand, and turned to the column of sunlight the doorway let in as he found the way back out of the hellfire that surrounded them. The house shook as a portion of the roof caved in, the Paladin braced himself and kept the family covered. The flames grew higher and the heat more intense, the smoke thickened and red light consumed most of the house, it was as if they were inside of an ovenfire being cooked alive. The children began to cry and cough, and the mother held on to them tight. "This way!" Xavier lead them to the front door protected under his cloak, but as they approached the exit, he came to a grim realization that too much debris had fallen in the way. He grit his teeth. Damn it! He looked around for another way out, but all the windows were all boarded. The smoke and heat was building, and more of the roof collapsed behind them. 
        The children screamed and the mother began to shake and weep, "It's going to be alright!" she coughed on the swealtering heat and deadly smoke. "Lord Xavier will save us!"
        The flames circled them, and as they drew closer, the Paladin General began to glow a bright light, and a shimmering wall of light shielded them. The mother and children began to breathe with ease, and he kept them safely nearby him. What else can I do?! He looked for another way out, but indeed all the windows were boarded up, and they were sealed in with the heat of the bright red blaze. He had strength yet to keep up his protective aura of light, but he could only keep them safe only until the house collapsed down on their heads... 


        GASPING AND WIDE-EYED, Diame could only watch as the General of the Paladins ran towards the house being engulfed in roaring flames. "Lord Xavier, it's too dangerous!" She called out to him, but off he went already to save the family. She marveled at that man's bravery, at the moments notice, he selflessly went to go go help, doused himself in water and started breaking apart at the boarded front door of the flamming building. Diame grabbed at her red hair, deathly afeared for Xavier's life, as well as for those he set off to go save. "Oh my God! Eyes watch over us!" She called out as she watched him enter the home. She looked at the farmfolk all around her, some were petrified and standing still, many openly screaming in terror. Small chickens were running loose all around her feet, and large farm animals as well, cowering cows mooed and mules with still attached farm equipment adding their sounds to the cacaphony of fear as well. 
        A squall of wind caught the embers of house houses set a flame, and several more houses roofs began to flare up in random patches as well. All the farm folk began to shout orders and run away, many stayed in the line of those gathering water pails. They scattered around, frantically throwing what water they had on the newly flared up rooftops, trying to stop the spread. 
        "What else can we do!?" Diame asked a farmer nearby her. 
        The older man shook from hes petrified shock momentarily and uttered, "At this point, young lady, pray for rain!" The both of them gaped in shock as part of the house caved in and the flames rose higher. "Oh, nay! Lord Xavier!" The man shouted, and then ran away in fear with several others.
        Waching the man flee while Xavier was laying down his life while they spoke, she clenched her fist and her grip around her staff. "I can not..." Diame uttered, approaching the flamming houses. "stand around here, and just hope and pray!" She ran towards the well, and she knew she could help somehow. Some farmers had abandoned the well, but many remained close to the flames, trying to wench up bucket after bucket even if their attempts to stop the flames were in vain. She gazed down into the darkness of the well, and she reached out with her mind to feel how deep down the water filled. It ran deep, and they would have to toss the buckets deep and wench their arm off with all the effort per a single pail. Diame resolved to help, and she didn't care anymore if people knew who she was. The High Priestess of Water held a hand and her staff over the well, she took a deep breath trying to sense the source of water. She could see a bright blue swell of aether far beneath her feet, the spring of the regions' well water which ran deep within the earth, which spreads fresh water throughout the region.
        Diame knew where there was the vast source of water, and she tried to physically command it, to grab it with her mind. She reached out at it several times, it was like feeling the water trickle through her fingers, and having no control over it. "Water! Come forth and quench these flames!" She shouted. The water remained still. "But, you must obey me!" She willed forth all the aether within her, in her mind she saw the Water Temple clearly as if it were right before her. Its magnificent waterfalls were rapids of water, aglow in bright white light from a incandescent sphere up above. This power, I need all that I can use, and I need it now! She grabbed at the temples power, and she could see light shooting down deep into the temple lake, reflecting aquamarine blue light back above, giving rise to glowing white motes of mist, climbing high above the waters surface. "I need this power, I've never used so much at once, but now more than ever I must learn how!" She shouted and raised her arms as she stood before the waters surface. All the light around her grew, enveloping all of Teva as well as the mountainsides in the valley, the mist around the Water Temple thickened with all the aether. It flew towards her and englufed her, and she felt the light engulf her in an icy warmth, and she felt a lifting euphoria as her consciousness became one with the bright aether. She felt herself flying forward from the ceremonial circle, and dove deep down into the waters surface, and became one with the water as well. She was a gushing river beneath the earths surface, and coarsed down the mountains and throughout the land. She felt herself become a stream flowing through a forest, and then she was a waterfall, powering down relentlessly onto white rapids. She could sense the aether flying towards her off from somewhere, but as she was water and light being pulled onward, she could do nothing about feeling something coming at her. She traveled down underground once more, and she continued onwards towards where she could feel herself standing up above. 
        "Hey, lady! Either grab a bucket, or move out of the way!" Some man's voice railed from behind her, to which she could pay no heed.
        The ground trembled beneath Diame's feet as she stood before the well in her trance, her arms were lifted and her staff raised high. Then the earth quaked with a violent shake, and a single ray of aqua marine light flew out of the well before her, and flew into her forehead.
        She gasped for air, and aquamarine blue light shone brightly from her wide open eyes. A gigantic geyser of water burst forth from the well, bursting high into the sky in a never ending waves. 
        Witnessing the largest spell she had ever cast, Diame wondered if her abilities were always so great, yet never tapped into. "How did I do that?!" Diame asked herself as she saw the rushing waters part the smoke and reach the skies above, but she had not a moment to lose questioning her own strength. She saw the vast amounts of water she had summoned was flowing far too forcefully from the ground to be of any use, it would collapse a house if it fell on top of it, and all the water from above began to pummel the ground and houses. "Oh, God and all the Saints!" She gasped, then steeled herself. Nay, I will not panic! She raised her arms once more to the gushing water. "This is too much! Cease your flow at once! And disperse into rain!" she shouted. She gasped as the air was taken from her lungs, and once again she felt herself rejoined with the water. 
        Once again she was engulfed in euphoric light, and she ascended into the explosing geyser. The priestess felt herself lifted skyward as the water and felt herself become even warmer towards the brightness of the sun. She felt overwhelming euphoria, to the point of bliss, she could feel these sensations as water, as her soul out of her body. From high above the smoke and flames, she felt herself become one with the clouds above, and they grew dark and heavy as the sky itself drank the well water. A flash of blue lightening streaked across the sky, followed by roaring of thunder. The dark clouds burst forth a mighty storm, and Diame felt herself become a single rain drop falling among countless others, cometing downwards to the smoke and fire below.
        As soon as the first drops of rain hit her face, The High Priestess of Water drew a deep breath of cool air, and she knew she felt herself re-enter her body. She stood before well, which no longer gushed the flowing water, but she looked up and all around her, and she was in the midst of a veritable monsoon of rain. She felt slightly weak, and she leant up against her staff as one of many among the storm. People around her ran towards the houses, making gasps of awe and cheers of praise for the  'miracle of God' taking place right above them. But, it wasn't a miracle... It wasn't a direct act of God herself. It was my own hand, and miracles are not wrought from human hands. She looked around her at the houses that were up in flames, they embered and smoked a short ways into the air, but the danger of the fire had passed, it seemed.
        A bright white light shone through a home that had been lain to nearly all but crumbled, smoldering remains save part of a wall and straw roof that still stood. The farmfolk all ran over to the source of the glow emanating from the ruins of the home. Shouts of "Its Lord Xavier!" and "Hurry, help him!" came from the crowd as they began grabbing at fallen burnt beams and tossing them aside. There, unburied from the moved rubble and debris was Xavier, a sphere of white light surrounding him as he knelt to the ground with the family of three, quivering but safe beneath his cloak. The glow of light vanished and Xavier stood to his feet, the children and young woman still clutched to him as they emerged out from the destroyed house. Men and women openly wailed and wept in the rain at the sight, and helped the four out of the wreckage.         The young man fell to his knees and held his wife and rescued children in his arms as they all bawled openly. "Oh, thank you God! Thank you, Lord Xavier!" Diame could hear the man shouting through his tears of anguish turned relief.
        She wanted to run over to them as well, but she still felt weakened from conducting all that aether through her. Willing such powerful magicks had taken a toll between her body heeding the will of her soul, she figured. As Diame rested against her driftwood staff, she breathed in the damp air and felt her stamina returning to her. The High Priestess stared up above at the storming clouds in the sky, and felt the cool waters gently pelt her face. It was indeed raining harder than she had ever seen before, right when it was needed most. "People will say this was a miracle." She said to herself. But, was it a miracle if it was my doing? She asked herself. I have a duty to predict the weather, yet I just made it rain, which is supposed to be one of many of God's miracles only She can do. Diame pondered. Could this be God's divine will? Did She bring me here, just to be present at this very moment? Just to save that family? She stared at her hands holding her staff, and opened up one before her eyes, studying what power lied within her. Then it was God's water aether, which swells through me in abundance. It is me who carries the will of God, then... Then this rain is indeed a miracle, because God brought me here to do Her will. Which means, She did not wish to do it on her own, but She wished to aid me as I performed Her miracle. Perhaps, is she trying to show me that I am truly an instrument of Her benevolence? Just as she has shown me those foreboding visions I need to share with Bishop Malbourne. She blinked her wide-eyes as she reminded herself of her self-appointed mission. "Oh, His Grace!" She stood upright, and wearily took a few steps. I am relieved that Lord Xavier and that family is alright, and happy to have helped, but I yet carry these important visions. I must travel to Ijia now as swiftly as ever. She walked towards Xavier, a few steps at a time.
        She gave pause to her thoughts as she watched the farmfolk surrounding the Paladin general. They were talking with him seemingly in excitement as well as relief, and some made big flourishing movements of the arms and then gestured right towards Diame. Xavier nodded to them, and checked among the farmfolk if any were seriously injured, and seeing that they were not, gave them a nod and started to walk to Diame, and she continued on to meet him.
        As the High Priestess walked through the rain, she felt the calmness of the water, how it brought peace to chaos. It soothed her and she was overcome with emotion. Part of her wanted to laugh joyously as she bathed in such miraculous rain, another wanted to openly weep from having been through so much peril in a single day. Diame gave a heavy sigh and leant against her staff, weighing what she could possibly say to Xavier as he neared her. Well... I hardly think theres any use in hiding the obvious now... She stood upright, feeling weakness swiftly leave her as the rain continued to fall. I must tell him the truth. Especially so, because I do not think he would hold the lie against me, though. She observed the many humble homes that still stood among them thanks to their efforts. Surely, he would understand why I needed to keep my name and title a secret from everyone. She adjusted her soaked red hair and straightened herself to meet her eyes to his.
        The Paladin General's emerald green eyes looked indeed like gems hard as stone, and the expression he wore on his soot-covered face was grim as steel. Xavier's demeanor nearly startled her, but he did not seem upset with her in the slightest. "They were almost killed..." He said abruptly. "Innocent lives, almost taken over common coin." He shook his head, and turned up at the rain. "More men have turned to cruelty and violence. War is brought up on Ijia. Yet, God will still intervene and protect a small farm village in the middle of the countryside." The water pelting his face began to wash away the soot smudges, and though he wore seriousness, he seemed genuinely wistful as he pondered the mysteries of God's mercy. It was then a din of ringing bells was heard in the not too far off distance, he turned to see large towed carts bearing barrels of water and the seal of Ijia. "Ah, the town fire watch has arrived. Late is better than never, I suppose. Well, they missed the main event but they can atleast tend to the minor injuries sustained." He began towards Thundercloud who stared knowingly at the General, and whinnied at his return. A sort of kindness emerged from Xavier's intense expression as he turned to face her again. "Lady Delandra, shall we be off? Unless this miracle here has renewed your faith and is pilgrimage enough." He said in mirth of good humor as he motioned her to follow him to his horse.
        Diame stared at him in disbelief. She surely thought he knew it was she who helped summoned the rain, and that he would ask her questions of who she truly was. To her surprise, he acted as though they merely stopped off the road to rest, and now they were ready to journey on. He beckoned to her, and she acquised and went towards him and Thundercloud. I guess I do not need to explain myself at all, atleast not for now. He does still intend to take me to Ijia, that is very good. As she made her way towards them, the rain thinned its relentless pelting drops as it petered out. She gave a sigh of relief that her spell was wearing out of aether and the weather would fair out eventually.
        Xavier gave his loyal steed a pat on the neck, then helped Diame onto her saddle, and he mounted his steed as well. Grabbing at the reins, Thundercloud gave a shake of his wet mane to loosen some rain droplets in vain. With a firm signal kick from the general, the beast began a trot out and away from the farmhomes. As the road widened, he began a steady gallop through the wet earth, churning and kicking up mud with each step. Diame held on fast to Xavier as they made their way back to the flag pole lined road, and hurried towards sunlit Ijia in the distance, leaving the darkened sky and stormy clouds behind them. 








                IV.7 The Edge of the World


        BATHED IN THE BRILLIANT LIGHT of the setting sun, Diame held fast against Xavier as they traveled far above the highlands on the overlooking the lush, green fields that lay just before Ijia. Thundercloud had taken them out from under the rain clouds, and galloped onwards through the open roads now that he was freed from the viscous mud. Looking behind her, the High Priestess saw the rain she had summoned had nearly all but ceased, and the dark clouds that remained would dispurse in time. 
        Although the cold did not bother her, Diame was still soaked to the bone, and it would be quite uncomfortable riding like that for much longer. As she held fast onto the Lord General, she was sure that he too was rusting in his armor, yet would never complain a word about it. 
        She held fast onto Xavier as he brought his white stallion to the height of the largest peninsula, and trod his steed near the edge of earth overlooking the lands below them, dotted with large nobles' homes and small hamlets and farmfields. Two sky piercing mountains partially surrounded Ijia's castle and town, one of lighter stone to the north and one of rough hewn dark earth to the west, birthing a less towering mountain range that boardering the lands' western coast. The bright sphere came nigh above the earthy points, and would soon be engulfed by the land. For the last hours of its heavenly incandescense, the golden light of the setting sun painted the open ocean an abundance of color. Sky and sea were aglow in bright vermillion hues, clouds of golden effulgence were touched by streaks of violet, and stretched above the ocean, reflecting its colors in glistening waves as far as the eye could see. In the far distance, the light faded into the faintly seen darkness of the starry night sky boardering the far off eastern horizon.
        Diame had not seen the sea at all in so many years, and with a deep breath, took in the beautiful scenery of the land, sea and sky before her from so high above the land. Awe struck by the wondrous lightscape, she thought there would be no better place to take a brief repose. "May we rest here a moment?" She said, eager to take in the fleeting scenery as long as she could allow herself. 
        Bringing Thundercloud to a halt safely near the edge of the peninsula, Xavier climbed off his horse and helped Diame off onto her feet. She thanked him kindly with a craned nod, and stepped closer to the cliff's edge and felt  the warmth of the  sunlight and gentle winds that stirred her rain-soaked hair and robes. She could see Ijia Castle at last in the near distance, nestled between its two mighty mountains and three tall towers, and surrounded by its walls connecting the mountainfoots, and arched in its center was its gigantic blue gate. Late day shadows wrought from the mighty mountains cast darkness over Ijia and part of her city, yet a radiant white glow surrounded the castle, and its brightness seemed to grow as the daylight waned. 
        Out from its gates started a paved path of white and black squares which lined the royal roads just outside its boundries, leading into a plain well worn earthern trail that winded through the open lush fields of the farmlands and commonwealth. Lined by flagpoles bearing the blue-winged bird of Ijia, the road disappeared from Diame's vision near before her, just over the edge of the cliff, and she hadn't the stomach to look any closer. Just looking down so far below this cliff makes me feel like I'm already falling, being pulled to the earth below. So high above in the highlands, she couldn't decide if she felt like she was a part of the sky itself, or would be swallowed by it. Please steel yourself girl, you live in the mountains and you've never had a fear of heights before, you're not about to start now. Diame took a breath of the fresh air, and bringing herself to a calm, closed her eyes and tried to connect to the aether whirling around her. 
        She felt the coolness of the wind that caressed her skin yet could not chill her, she felt the rays of the sun that brought warmth to her face. The sources of those sensations came from all the energies of nature that flowed around her as she stood high above ground, closer the sky where the aether danced wildly and closer to the sun, the source of all the world's aether. She reached out and grasped at that energy with her mind, and pulled at the energies of light and air, and tried to form those energies into a gentle vortex of warm wind around her. Her blue robes fluttered as they filled with air, and with the aid of magic they went from drenched to dried in just moments. Her ceremonial robe underneath and her shift were still soaked, and she safely assumed Xavier and his horse were as well, so she decided she needed her staff to enhance the of spell she was casting. 
        She made her way over to Thundercloud and pulled off her dried blue robes and bundled them up into her saddle for a moment. As soon as she unfastened her staff of worn driftwood, Diame walked back to where her vortex of wind danced on the cliffside. Xavier seemed to display a sense of curiousity as to what she was doing, but she was concentrating on her spell and would rather show him than explain. She could see the aether of her spell as whirling whisps of light, she couldn't see the flows of Air, but she knew where they were and that they were working with her spell. Raising her staff, she drew the magicked air towards herself, Xavier and Thundercloud. 
        A strong wind warmed by the sunlight engulfed Diame in a breeze that tossed her damp hair and furled her white robes wildly, yet it didn't force her off her balance in the slightest. In the next moment, her clothes were at last no longer soaked to her skin, and her spell of wind carried over to Xavier and his tall steed. It was clear Xavier knew what was happening as he didn't flinch in the slightest as the wind spell enveloped him as well, tossing his gilt locks and Thundercloud's mane. In moments they were no longer soaked from the heavy rain, the enormous white steed even let out a small yet joyous whinnie as it gazed its dark, big eyes knowingly at the High Priestess.
        There, much better. Diame gave a flourish of her driftwood staff, and the spell dispursed and was done. She was unaware of her proud smirk while she straightened her red hair and white skirts, gazing at Ijia castle growing brighter as the day waned. At least I will arrive before his holiness as though I just bathed and not as wet as a fish. She joked to herself with a chuckle. 
        A terrible roar from the ocean tore through the air and pierced her ears, she turned to see a colossal dark shadow rising from the waters. Taller than any mountain and bigger than any landmass, its black horns skewered the heavens as its wings tore apart the clouds. A set of eyes wrought from candescent black fire stared at her from the colossal shadow looming over the world, it glared down right at her with a fixated gaze that exerted pure, unrelenting hatred. 
        "What is happening?!" She shouted, blinking her unbelieving eyes.
        The monster bellowing a breath of fire, and in moments the dark red flames coalesced into a gigantic glowing orb, growing by the moment as it hurled down towards her from the torn skies above. "Nay!" She screamed with all her might as the fire neared her and the lands before Ijia. "Naaaaaaay!" Her voice was deafening as Ijia castle and its city were demolished in molten flame before her eyes, then all around her was alight in bright incandescent fire, followed by pitch darkness.


        There was a tightness around her chest, and she longed to draw breath, but something held Diame and called out to her. "Delandra!" the voice said, but she didn't recognize the name and there was darkness still. "Delandra! Lady Delandra! You must wake!" The voice strained to say. Her eyes opened to her looking down and seeing naught but air beneath her feet, dangling over the side of the cliff. She gasped what air she could and saw an armored arm wrapped around her, Xavier holding her very tightly. She turned her head and saw he was leaning off the cliff with one foot still touching earth, his other arm wrapped around Thundercloud's reins, and the giant horse shrieked and whinnied as it pulled back with them in tow.
        Gasping what air she could, Diame stopped struggling and came to the grim realization of her dangling in peril. As Xavier held her tight, the mighty horse pulled back another tug and brought the two safely back on to the cliffside. Xavier still held her fast as they caught their breath, and he leant up against Thundercloud as they walked a few paces safer distance away from the cliffside. He released her and she meant to stand on her own two feet but her legs gave way like melting jelly and she leant wholly on her staff. Her heart nearly beat out of her chest which heaved as she breathed heavily. What, what just happened?! Her eyes widened at the sight of Ijia castle, majestic and perfectly fine in the distance. There was no fire, and no horror on the horizon. "What in divine Evaz'Sa's name did I just bear witness to...?" She breathed the words in confusion, and a fair amount of anger at herself. What I just saw... she gasped at the realization. "Another vision?!" It took everything in her to stand as she leant against her staff, and yet she collapsed onto her hands and knees with exhaust, her driftwood staff dropping to her side.
        "Are you alright?!" Xavier was by herside in a moment and helped her sit upright. "My lady, you are exhausted." The emphasis he put on it seemed as though he had seen many knights under his care over exert themselves to the point of falling over and collapsing. "I could fetch you my flask? Or perhaps you must needs healing?" In the next instant, his hand was aglow in an irridescent halo, and he held an orb of light above her. 
        Glimmers of the light beaded over her face and chest, and the glow entered her body. Diame found her breath returned to her in an instant, and felt refreshed as though she were freshly awoken from a nap. She put her hand ontop his with kind gratitude, but nonetheless shied his healing magic aside. "Thank you, I am fine now." Her attentions were turned once more to Ijia in the distance, and with whatever it was she just saw, The High Priestess of Water reminded herself of the importance of her mission. Her hands were still shaking at the very thought of how she nearly fell to her certain demise and she tried to put what just happened out of her mind. "I do think it would be best if we continued on our way to Ijia. I wish to complete my pilgrimage and become closer with God, but I do not intend on meeting her anytime soon." She said as she rose to her feet leant against her staff with strength of a second wind from Xavier's healing and her restored resolve. 
        "Very well, Lady Delandra." Giving her a wry smile, Xavier helped her back into the double saddle atop Thundercloud, then climbed atop the mighty steed as well. "Hold fast, we near Ijia." He said as he gave Thundercloud a signal kick, and lead him towards the descending sloped path down the mountainside.
        Holding tightly onto Xavier, Diame felt uneasy still at the ordeals she had faced. Surviving being chased by Lord Igor and his gang of thugs was one thing, nearly meeting her end from her own carelessness was another. She shuddered at the thought as she held Xavier even tighter. He had just saved her, twice, and as Thundercloud steadiy descended the uneven, rocky mountainsides as if it were smooth ground, the Lord General was still helping her on her way. She felt as if he were a true hero, sent from above just in time for her moment of need. With what violent visions she had seen in her mind and withall that had happened to her, it was clear to her that she was under some sort of divine guidance. She felt refreshed from his spell of healing, and had the strength to hold onto him ever fast as they descended into the lowlands.
        

                        x. The Arrival
        
        AT A SWIFT GALLOP, the mighty steed Thundercloud came down from the mountains, safely carrying Diame and Xavier onto the flat lowlands. Straight away, they were on the start of the Royal Road lined with flagpoles bearing the blue winged bird of Ijia. It lead down the wide open fields surrounded by the alpenglow of the easten mountains and the wide open western sea's sunset skies. They made haste down the left side of the road reserved for official use, the scattered countryfolk on their daily route on the right side stopped in awe of the gallant knight on his galloping horse as Diame held fast as they flew by. 
        Keeping a steady grip, Diame held her arms tightly around Xavier. He seemed to know he had restored her strength enough that she could even hold onto him, as he was riding his steed nearly as fast as he could go. I think he must mean to keep his word and have us reach Ijia before sundown. The General must think I need rest, and he isn't wrong... She was comforted by the thought, yet she had no time for rest on her arrival. She thought of what she could possibly say to Bishop Malbourne to explain why she had broken an oath, being away from Teva in the first place, and then she had to break yet another oath by breaking secrecy and telling him what she had seen in her visions. My swevens are sacred and divine, yet what I have witnessed is anything but. I will explain that I just simply could not hold on to what I have seen without asking His Holiness if he did not agree that these horrors portend ill omens. He will understand the risks I took to convey this, and yet I hope he can forgive me. He will if I but ask for forgiveness. She held back a shudder with the assurance she would know for certain soon enough. She could nearly count the remaining poles lining the road to the castle proper as Xavier's horse bounded up the winding coastal road. 
        They passed by many small villages with people keeping the roads clear, and watchtowers lined with armed guards, yet none harried them as they sped by. The magnificent castle of Ijia with its three towers grew ever nearer in the distance, and lit up even brighter in a white glow as the sun continued to set behind the mountains. "Truly breathtaking..." Diame whispered to herself as she looked up on Ijia, now looming above her. She was in awe of the three tall towers, one bright white even in the approaching night, one pitch black that still glowed even though the light seemed not to touch it. The middle was gray, a balance of the two. It was surrounded by gigantic stone walls strewn with massive banners of the dark and light blue bird of Ijia. In its center were a pair of gigantic blue gates that also bore the symbol of Ijia with one wing on each gate, and each one shone brightly in the light of the setting sun. Before them was a grand pathway of marble black and white squares that lined the outside walls, and began a route that lead to the Royal Road. They continued past the castle, and down the flag lined road which lead to the coastal city built between the eastern walls and the sea.
        At a close distance, The Royal City of Ijia could be seen in all its splendor. It had multiple tiers of square roofed buildings and homes, the ones being the largest near the top, and then smaller ones as the large slope that swept from the castle to the sea. Every rooftop that was touched by the sun was painted golden, and glistened by the shining sea. Xavier brought Thundercloud down to a trot, and motioned towards the guards at the walls of the small city gates. They stayed open as they passed them by, and the rough dirt of the road became well laid cobblestone streets of the common markets. There was a fair amount of merchants with horse and cart moving through the streets, as well as the residents which were families on their well to do way. Probably what would have been the end of a bustling day in the Ijian markets. Many inns with signs in bright colors lined the road to welcome weary travelers, and hawkers shouted to sell their wares, from trinkets and jewelry to people selling fish on skewers cooking over open flames. 
        Xavier chose one of the wide bustling streets that ascended up through the town, and lead his horse between the crowds and tall cubic buildings. Many people recognized him with surprised gasps and exclaims of "It's the Lord General!" and "The General! He's returned!" as he passed them by, nodding and raising his hand to them in a a greeting salutation.
        The path opened up along the incline of a hill that gradually steepened. At the end of the path was a magnificent cathedral made of tall, colored glass windows dipicting fanciful scenes of God's acts of miracles. The side walls were made entirely of stained glass formed into archways separated by gigantic stone pillars into three tiers. The front had similar colored glass walls, with many cut in a circular pattern, with waves and triangles that made them look like radiant suns as they were glowing in sunlight. They bore the faces of all the saints, with Evaz'Sa glowing blue in the center, and above her was the largest of all the suns, painted golden orange to depict the sun itself, and centered in it was the Eye of Evaz'Sa, centering the radiant cross surrounded by the seven pointed star. Diame had not seen the cathedral in years, and was whisked there and away so fast she barely got to admire its beauty all that time before. She was awash in how serene and beautiful the sanctuary of God was, that her journey at last had come to its end. To think she had finally made it after all she had been through, and that the Cathedral of the Light looked more beautiful than she could have ever remembered it to be. It moved her to well up more than a few tears.
        Bringing Thundercloud to a full halt, the beast let out a breathy whicker. Xavier climbed off the white horse and then helped Diame down as well. "Is everything alright?" He asked her.
        Wiping away her tears with her robe, she nodded. "Aye, it's just..." Diame stood before the holy shrine of colored glass and light, and high atop the hill she stared out at the twilight settling in from the open sea. "I had no idea that arriving here would ever be so arduous." She turned to the truly virtuous knight who stood before her in armor that reflected the gilt light of the sunset. The leader of the Paladins, a chivilrous man who had swore to a code of honor in the name of God. "You are a truly noble man, Lord General. Thank you for everything." She inclined a steep bow, truly humbled.
        He bowed as well, only to motion her to rise. "Please, Lady Delandra. It was only my duty. I take great pride in knowing I came to your aid when you needed it the most. And since I did, we were able to save the lives of many, and we even bore witness to a miracle." The general's emerald green eyes looked up at the sky like glistening stones, as if recalling the rain. "I do hope your pilgrimage has helped reassure your Faith, I know mine is stronger than ever." He closed his eyes and clasped his hands and uttered a prayer before the cathedral. "Eyes watch over us." He said quietly.
        Diame craned her head down and said a prayer into one hand as she stood with her staff. "Eyes watch over us." As soon as she opened her eyes, she caught a glimpse of something bright. She looked above to see a shooting star, which sped across the twilight sky over the ocean in a candescent white stream, and then disappeared just as quickly as it appeared. She knew she was where she needed to be, and was helped along the way. It is time to see this through, I must go and speak to His Holiness at once. Knowing the strength of her resolve, she turned to the leader of the Paladins, and searched for the words to express her thankfulness a final time. "Now that I am here at last, I can not even begin to show you all my appreciation I have welled inside. Just know you have my eternal gratitude, Lord General." She added a courtsey, the formality was the least she could do to show her immense respesct for the virtuous knight.
        Placing his hand to his heart in a fist, he responded with the royal salute. "Please do not hesitate to ask for help again, it was my honor, Lady Delandra." He said with an intent nod. "And if I may, just 'Xavier' will do." He flashed a smile at her, a handsome, perfect grin across the composed, stoney exterior of his face, yet the general's intense green eyes betrayed with his true emotions. 
        Gazing deeply into those two bright emeralds, Diame saw a beautiful storm of thoughts and feelings whirling within the selfless knight that made her heart beat fast. His eyes nearly glowed with the brightness of conviction, and as she stared into them, she swore she saw the light in his eyes grow brighter. A flash of green light blanketed her vision, and she saw him engulfed in light, a spinning ring of light and fire emblazened him with a brighter than white halo. She blinked at what she was seeing, and in the next moment the intense light around Xavier was gone, and he stood in the sunlight, it seemed he was patiently awaiting her leave. She was so awestruck after witnessing that light he had within him that it took her a moment to realized her mouth was half gaped. She took a deep breath and composed herself as she put the unexpected vision aside from her thoughts with an effort. She returned the nod. "Thank you, Xavier. I only wish I had more to give you but my sincerest appreciation." 
        "Your thanks is but all I need, my Lady Delandra." He said with she same assuring smile. "Should you ever require my assistance in the future, do seek me out. I would be honored to have the opportunity to help someone so pious yet again."
        "Truly?" Her eyes widened, nearly in disbelief of his kindness.
        "I give you my word, Lady Delandra." He said with an assuring deepness to his voice.
        As they stood before the cathedral in the waning sun, Diame was reluctant to leave the company of such a dashing man of the Faith, but she was where she needed to be, and hadn't a moment more to lose. "Eyes watch over you, Lord Xavier." She said as she and took her eyes off him, hefted her satchel, and donned the hood of her blue robe over her volumes of red curls. She turned to the sacred house of glass aglow in the dying fire of the sunsetlight, and marched herself down its garden lined pathway.
                x. The Confessional
        
        TWO GILDED DOORS shone in the sunlight, and seemed to grow taller as she approached them. They were two halves to an ornate divine dipiction of the gates of Heaven, finely crafted in goldwork. Above them was a beautifully carved scene of merciful angels soaring in the sky, some sounding heralding horns, and the rest beckoning to any who approached the sacred golden gates to enter. As she approached them, Diame took a final glance up above at the mural of sky-colored Evaz'Sa, surrouned by all the saints, emboldened in their blazing sun-spheres of glowing glass. 
        The High Priestess of Water couldn't help but stop in her path in the middle of the sacred garden to start praying with the merciful house of God just before her. She knew indeed how anxious she felt, for she was just about to explain everything,  and apologize for why she had broken an oath to even be there for starters. As she clasped her hands together over her staff, she realized she was shaking, and her own nervousness frustrated her. "I have traveled too far to be dissuaded by a mere case of shaken nerves..." She took a deep breath as she stood in the cathedral gardens. The floral scent of roses, lavender and peony filled the air around her. She was reminded of her own garden at home, how its charm always kept her at ease, and she felt her resolve return. "I am home." She told herself. "And for the importantce of the message I bring, I shall be welcomed and forgiven for any sin or transgression by His Holiness." She took a breath of relief as she reassured herself. "I have nothing to fear while within the house of God. I am a High Priestess. The good bishop will heed me." Gathering her thoughts and prayers, she approached the two massive doors of wrought gold, and she reached out to the fine details of Heaven shimmered in the suns light. She placed her hand on one of the gilt handles, they were curved and resembed an elongated pair of angel wings. With a deep breath, she pulled open one of the massive doors, and out poured the sonorous melody of a mighty pipe organ serenely playing within the inner sanctuary. 
        Colorful stained glass dipictions cascaded solid beams of light in consecutive rows, shining down onto the many people within. Most of the pews seemed to be occupied, although there did not seem to be a sermon happening at the moment. The hallways were full of Sisters of the Faith, nuns with their hands held in prayer and solemn faces peeking out of their heads wrapped in white cloth, topped with blue domed hats. Some passed eachother in a fervent haste, with barely enough time for them to give each one a nod and a blessing as they nearly ran by, shaking their heads in disturbance. 
        Diame wondered what could be the matter, but remembered hearing of the recent attacks on Ijia from the folk at the inn and from Lord Xavier. She did recall the massive hole in the wall around Ijia castle as well, and a sense of unease hung in the air. I can only imagine what they have seen and survived through. She emphasised as she gathered her thoughts. However, I must ensure that they do not suffer any further calamities. Now, where is His Holiness? I do not know how much time I even have to pass on the warnings I have seen. Looking past the many sisters of the Faith the aisle, she saw him, standing up on the dais just before a large statue of Evaz'Sa. "His Holiness, the bishop is just before me." She could at last take a breath of relief, having gone through such a perilous journey just to ask an audience with him. She tightened her robes around her head to keep her face covered, unwanting to be recognized by a Sister. The High Priestess of Water did not want to answer any questions of why she was out of her village and violating her oathes. She had come this far with this feeling so deep in her heart that she had to warn the Church of the many violent visions she had seen. 
        Keeping her face covered, Diame shuddered as she walked by the Sisters, noticing the people laying in the pews, many bandaged and bloodied. Only as she grew closer could she hear their groans of pain, the pipe organ playing gently to soothe the sounds of the wounded. The Sisters tended dutifully to them, some applying medicinal salves and others held the irridescent light of healing magic in their hands over them. She felt the heavyness in the air and wished she could do something to help them, but she had to press on to prevent further calamity. 
        Just before her was the dais was a few steps to a circular pedestal of white marble, with a golden seven pointed star and the Eye of Evaz'sa in its center. At the center point was a small ceremonial table with a golden Eye of Evaz'sa on a cross, surrounded by the smoke of burning incense and candles lit on sticks and in glowing glass jars of many colors. Diame gazed upwards in awe at the grand mural made of stained glass that covered nearly the entire wall. It dipicted the glowing golden sun shedding its light down from high above, dipicting the Seven Saints as angelic warriors, all with grand wings and shown in varius robes and armors in a myriad of colors against a blue sky. Climbing to the ceiling just before the shimmering glass was a large statue of Evaz'sa made of finely polished dark violet-blue marble, reflecting the colors of the many lights radiated by the glass. The Sun Goddess stood on one foot, with wings outstretched, engulfed in a flowing robe as if she were flying through the air. Her left arm reached up to hold the sun above her, and her other reached down with an open palm to welcome all. Diame knew the meaning behind this depiction, symbolic of how the sun itself is the light of mercy She blesses up on everyone on Caelutera. 
        Diame visited this cathedral very briefly years ago, but she never forgot how this sight made her feel the connection to God and her people. Just the thought of the artisans who had made this, taken the time to create such a testimony to the blessing of life that Evaz'sa has given everyone. She took in the moment of safety she felt within the walls of glowing glass in this sacred sanctuary. I am within the house of God. She reminded herself. I am near the end of my journey, at long last. She breathed deep of the soothing incense, a refreshing blend of florals and oils simular to the same scents she burned in her sacred chambers reminded her of home. 
        Approaching the dais, Diame ascended the steps of white marble, and crossed the golden sun, her blue robes sweeping behind her as she approached the altar. Motes of sweet smoke danced over the many different colored glass prayer candles. Among them was an unlit deep blue lamp, and taking flame from one candle to it with an incense stick, the blue votive lit brightly. She snuffed the flame and put the smoking stick in with the many others in a holder, and watched the motes rise upwards into the colored light. Holding her hands together, she closed her eyes and took a moment to offer a prayer in silence. I give thanks to You, for giving me the ability to see these visions, and for safely seeing me through to my journey's end. She opened her eyes to the statue of Evaz'sa, watching the incense smoke waft around her and dance in the stained glass light. Eyes watch over me. She gave the divine statue a revered nod.
        She turned from the altar, and as she stood in the center of the dais, Diame turned her gaze to the crowd of sacred sisters. "Now, where could the good bishop be?" She wondered as she searched for the holy man among them. 
        As if to answer the High Priestess' question, she heard  over to her left a small boom of a pair of doors opening and sisters and nuns uttering reverences of 'His Holiness' to themselves in the highest respect. Looking over, a pair of polished rosewood doors worked lavishly with gold shaped like angelwings has burst open, and almost ceremoniously, two nuns held the doors open for a large man in layers of white sacred vestments, worked in gold and inlaid with rubies, garnets and pearl. Wearing a crown-like miter jewel worked in the same fashion, he carried a golden sceptre, topped with a large sphere of red crystal centered inside a cross of Evaz'sa. He stode by them, his free hand he gestured at each one of them, upright with two fingers crossed and his thumb bent. A small benediction, he blessed each sister as they parted the way, and he walked straight towards the dais. 
        Watching him make his way, greeting each sister with his blessing, they felt his reassurance and crossed themselves while whispering 'Eyes watch over us' to return the blessing. As he seemed to glide towards her, the strain to hold back the tears was almost too much, but her eyes did well up nonetheless as she held them back. His Holiness is walking right towards me! Now I have the good fortune to speak with him right away about- 
        She felt as though she were suddenly falling, dizzied and out of breath. Falling to her hands and knees up, her focus on the goldworked marble blurred, and her eyes bulged. Pure darkness entered her sight, all sound was silence. Her thoughts escaped her within a sudden void, yet she felt her own consciousness, trying desperately to reach out around her. She felt something close in to her, a body of intense heat, a soul as cold as ice. Then she saw a face, made of red fire that shed no light in the dark, and two dark spheres for eyes that were neither black nor white. The flesh burnt way, and the grimly burnt skull widened to bellow a roar through flaming teeth. Diame wanted to scream but the air would not fill her lungs. She struggled her body against a cold, unforgiving force as if trapped within ice. A single thought entered her mind, Evaz'sa, save me. The grim skull shrieked as if in pain, and retreated into the darkness. Air refilled her lungs, and she found herself with trembling hands against the dais floor. "What just happened!?" Diame could barely make the words to herself as she tried to shake off the shock. 
        Looking up before her, Bishop Malbourne ascended the final step of the dais, and was staring right at her with his fiery blue eyes, shaped by deep concern. It looked as though he was about to give Diame the blessing of benediction, then realized she was unwell. He hurried over to her side, and knelt onto his crimson red theigh boots, before her, causing a stirr of whispers from among the sisters. "Sister, be you in good health?" He spoke gently yet in a volume that all could hear him, and extended his white gloved hand to her to help Diame to her feet. 
        "A-aye." Diame said barely able to work her breath, but leant on her staff and with his hand, she rose to stand on her own. She stood at nearly equal height to the man, who was about half a head taller than she. At closer view, he was a rather stout man, and the sacred vestments stretched around his body. Nonetheless, he was highly revered and had dropped to his knee to help her in front of his flock, a small wonder every sister was a chatter with concern. He smiled at her, however he looked at her as intensely as ever, with those eyes like burning ice. "Your Holiness, I offer my humble thanks, but I must speak with you..." She saw a flicker in his eyes, as if the intensity of his stare grew with every word she said. "... 'tis quite urgent." she finished, hastily cut off by the holy man's near leer.
        "But, of course." Bishop Malbourne said in his candor, loud enough to be heard by his flock. "Merciful Evaz'Sa opens her doors to all, and the Church gives its help to all who seek it." He announced to all as he spoke over the curious whispers of the sisters. "You must be tired from your travels, dear child. Are you here on pilgrimage?" he put his hand at her back with some agitated force, and then motioned toward the decorated doors with his gilt scepter. "You must have many questions, child. Let us talk over some freshly brewed rose tea and mudberry scones."  
        They walked through the crowd of parting sisters, and once again the tall gilt doors to his chambers were opened for him, respectful bows and blessings included. The large doors to his inner sanctum swung open fully, revealing a room of more metal and goldworked objects that she had seen in her entire life. Against the back of the room was a smaller statue of Evaz'sa made of gleaming gold and behind it were purple curtrains that lined the marble walls. An altar table held a marble statue of the Eye of Evaz'sa, the crossed seven pointed star glimmered against two lit gilt candles on golden sticks to its sides.
        Diame was quickly ushered into the room by the bishop and the huge doors began closing behind them. Beaming in to her right was an open window made of large panels of clear glass that let in the golden glow of the setting sun. Before it was a large, high backed chair, lined with overstuffed purple cushions, next to it was his holiness's desk made of rosewood with its corners worked with gold, topped with scrolls of parchment and little goldworked trinkets in the shapes of crosses and angels. A smaller, simpler cushioned chair faced the decorated desk, and Malbourne motioned towards it as the doors closed behind them with a loud thud.
        "Sit." The Bishop uttered coldly, the mirth of his anger spilling through the temperance in his voice. He strode past her to his seat, "Now." he added impatiently.
        "Oh, a guest seeks your guidance, your grace?" A middle aged man's kindly voice to Diame's took her attention to her left. Wearing a violet robe and a small velvet cap, he arose from a small table, and from it began setting up a cart with a teapot and opened a metal dome covering an arrangement of berry scones. 
        "Leave us, Herschel." The bishop grunted in a way it might as well have been a growl from a wild animal.
        At the word, the bishop's secretary let go of the tea cart
and nearly ran to the double doors, lifting his robes as he kicked them in a haste. He opened a gilt door and slipped out without saying a word as it closed behind him. 
        As the door thudded closed, Diame turned to the bishop who was clearly glaring at her from his desk. She made her way to the small chair and sat before him carefully. I think my unexpected arrival may have very well upset him...










 
























        




         
         
        










         






Scenes of them on the horse
diame getting used to being on horseback, and screaming to releave tension from her trip and this new experience of going very very fast.
after a while they come across farmlands, when they start getting to the outer edges of Ijia
one of them was set ablaze by some random ass bandits as they thought the knights were gone for a while into the forest fortress and were away


scene of xavier and diame saving people from the burning farmhouse. he parks his pony and tells 'delandra' to stay there. he dons his helmet and enters the burning building as diame stands there in temporary shock. she uses her water powers from a nearby well to stop the fire, partially saves the house and helps xavier.
xavier saves a nuclear family and they are all daijoubu
d explains she was magically trained  to a grateful x as they contiue to ijia


chronologically, tavian and mirnada's chapter would happen about right now simultaniously, before sundown. they make their way to ijia via acquired pirate ship


xavier and diame have a beautifully scenematic scene, riding through a slightly misty sunset along the puininsulas of ijia 
"edge of the worlde scene, where xavier tells diame about the actual edge of the world cuz she says she feels like she is on the edge of the world being next to the puninsulas"
the knights on watch at the outer gates are surprised to see him return as he slows down once they close in on the kingdom gates
more scenematic scenes of the castle city of ijia covered in sunsetlight, and mainly of him dropping her off just before the cathedral of the light on horseback in sunset light,
and diame thanking him and sending him along his way, and then her blue robes billowing as she runs into the cathedral






scenes with her being dismissed by the bishop, and sunsetting




















































        V. Our Silent Paradise


        The Kingdom of Ijia, the smallest of the Three Great Nations but nonetheless a powerful influence on Caelutera. For three generations under the royal rule of the Ijia family, they have prospered. Their army is composed of Paladins, holy and selfless knights who protect and aid the citizens and help their fellow comrades in battle. With the blessing of the church and boon of the gods, they also have magick to heal wounds and chastise their enemies with divine light. But as there is Light, there is always Shadow; the other half of Ijia’s army is the exact opposite: Shadow Knights. They are ferocious, ruthless warriors who know no fear. Trained in brutal battle tactics and arcane magick, they can kill any foe with ease and even bind their soul to add to their own strength. The two opposites united as one creating a truly formidable kingdom.
        The kingdom itself is built high upon the peninsula of the northern coastline of the Western continent. The raised cliffs and the ocean itself are a natural defense. A great mountain is formed up the coastline, with Ijia’s castle built alongside it. The land slants downhill, and Ijia’s castle town is built sloping down to the level flats below. Many houses and ports are built alongside the ocean, mainly to trade with Lux Grande as Pefali became an enemy country after their recent surprise attack on Ijia. 


        Up past a secret trail to a hidden alcove in Ijia’s mountainside, two paramours meet together, enjoying a perfect view overlooking the setting sun. They lay together on the cliff side, his strong arms and cape wrapped around her tightly to keep her warm in the gentle wind. They gazed into the sun setting into the calm ocean, its light painting the clouds and sky a glorious array of soft pink, orange, red and violet. They sat and watched, holding one another silently.
        The Gallant Taurus, he aged twenty-six and The Dauntless Aries, her aged thirty-one. The man had long, light golden hair tied in a ponytail and his long bangs parted in the middle, brushing down his clean shaven face. His eyes were a bright emerald green enamating a sense of duty, compassion and love. He wore casual noble’s clothing made of white cloth and fine leather. The dark green cape was made of soft velvet keeping his love warm as he held her. Lying near them was his unholstered Paladin’s sword. The handle was plated with gold and bore the crest of Ijia. Its steel blade shimmered like polished silver and etched upon it were intricate designs and words of principal. It was concealed in an oak sheath that had been lacquered black and had inscriptions carved in gold. It rested near them in the lush grass.
        The woman lay in his arms, content and relaxed. Her hair was blue and dark as the deep ocean. It was braided down the sides and back of her head, meeting in the middle, forming one large braid that swayed down her back. Her eyes were the color of a bright summer sky, glistening like sunlight reflecting off the sea and full of strength and passion but also wistfulness. She wore a dark violet and blue blouse it was decorated with small gold bangles and she looked quite regal. 
        The sky grew darker as night approached, but for them time stood still. 
        He held her tighter for a moment, then whispered in her ear, “Senna... It’s getting late...”
She shook her head “Not yet, Xavier... Just a little longer, please...” she held herself tighter against his warm body. “It’s been such a long time since we spent any time together like this... I don’t care if we’re here all night... as long as I’m just with you.”
Xavier smiled and kissed her forehead and held her tighter. They stared into the sea as the tip of the sun sank into the waters. “Every day, Senna... Every day is heaven with you. I don’t know how much longer we’ll be able to have time like this, or to even keep our love secret. War is coming...”
Senna placed her fingers over his lips “Shhh..... No such talk... It’s just us now.”
You’re right... I shouldn’t spoil it with such thoughts.” He looked down into her beautiful eyes.
She gave a loving grin back as she stared back, then Xavier leaned down and gave her a sweet kiss on the lips. They smiled back at each other, gazing into one another’s eyes.
Xavier gently caressed down her side and hips, and kissed her again. They opened their eyes and were locked once more, “Senna... I want this moment to never end.”
Senna smiled and laid her head on his chest and caressed his stomach “As I, my love.” She let out a sigh and reality seemed to reawaken. “You were right though... We should go back, it is getting late.”
Xavier nodded and he stood up, extending his hand to help up Senna. They then walked, arm in arm.


        The guards stared off into the darkness under the starry sky. The night was undisturbed at the castle until a figure was seen walking closer in the distance. “Is that them?” A knight mumbled to himself. He took a torch and went through the gates to the advancing figure. “Who goes there?” he shouted.
A woman appeared before him in the firelight “I am Priestess Diame Serigh of Teva, I’ve come to see the Queen on a most important matter.” She said, almost out of breath, putting all of her weight on her walking staff.
        The surprised guard walked towards her, “Are you alright?! Please come right in!” Diame leaned onto him and he helped her inside the gates and to a seat at the guard post. There was a cask of water nearby and he filled a wooden goblet for Diame and then handed it to her. She drank the cold water in a single gulp while it gently stung her parched throat. 
Diame gasped for air for a moment and then caught her breath “Th-thank you... But I must speak with her highness immediately.”
        The guard shook his head “Just a moment, I need to know why you must see the Queen.”
It’s a very important matter... And I think it would be best if only the Queen heard it only for herself.”
“I’m sure it is important, but we must ensure the queen’s safety” said the guard. “I don’t doubt that you are Lady Diame, but still...”
“I understand that, but still... I think that this should remain secret. The fate of Ijia depends on it.” Diame said.
The annoyed guard eyed Diame “There can be no exceptions. You’ve come a long way to have to go all the way back to Teva, so to get an audience with the queen you must first tell me what it is you must talk to her about,” he then opened a drawer in the wood desk and pulled out some parchment, almost black with almost illegible, tiny ink writing, “Then fill out this paperwork which will be submitted to the bureaucracy, then we will notify you within twenty days if they decide to allow you to have an audience with parliament,” Diame glared silently and crossed her arms as the guard continued, “and if then you get a 60/40 majority vote, then you have to fill out and submit these,” he then pulled out a stack of papers from the drawer, all similar to the first one. Diame eyed them as they were piled on top of the single piece of paper, “... and these” he then pulled out another stack and piled them on top of the first stack, “... and just this one more.” The guard got up and opened a cabinet with a large stack of papers in a single bundle.
        A voice was heard outside “Your highness, and Sir General, welcome back!”
        Diame got up out of her seat and bowed graciously to the guard “Thank you sir, but I think I have an easier way.” She then darted towards the door. 
        The guard turned around with the thick parchment stack in his arms, “Hey, wait!”


        The large gates were opened and the queen and her bodyguard walked through them. Diame burst out of the door on the side wall. “Your highness!” She shouted as she quickly walked towards her. The queen turned to face Diame, as well as the bodyguard. 
        The queen paused and recognized her, “... Priestess Diame?” 
        A guard grabbed Diame’s arm just as she reached the queen, “Come on, don’t bother her highness, come fill out your paperwork.” Diame struggled against his hold.
Unhand her immediately.” said the Queen, glaring at the guard. “This is Priestess Diame, and she is to be treated as my guest, is that understood? Also, I would appreciate it that you will do a better assessment on who is genuine and who isn’t and the types that need to be subjected to parliament’s tedious papers”
“A-aye, Queen Senna.” The guard cowed and bowed, then walked back into the guard post.
Senna looked back to Diame, “Please, walk with us.” Diame nodded and the three of them started walking down the torch lit road towards Ijia Castle, the gates closing behind them. “Tell me why you’ve arrived in such a surprise; we would have prepared a room for you if we had known.”
Trust me, I would have never had walked all the way here if it was unnecessary.”
 “You walked all the way here from Teva?!” The bodyguard interrupted. “I beg your pardon, I am Xavier Alexander, General of the Paladins and The Queen’s Knight.”
Diame nodded, “A pleasure. I don’t want to be rude but there is something I must tell you in private, mi’lady.” 
They reached the second pair of gates which opened and led to the courtyard. They entered and began to walk through the flower and fountain lined path illuminated by moon and firelight.
Senna smiled at Diame, “Please, anything you can say in front of me you can say in front of Xavier. Now, what can I help you with?”
        Diame took a deep breath, and began her story, “For a while, I’ve had this nightmare... a vivid image of a gigantic daemon of destruction was in it.”
Ah, I remember that you are well known for your impeccable accuracy in soothsaying.” Diame nodded to Senna “... And you believe this is a premonition?”
Diame nodded again, “Aye, I am quite certain... I meditated once for a vision, and saw the same image, even clearer than in my dream... and I prayed to the Water Goddess. She showed me another vision: a dilapidated tower in a blizzard... And I felt the same fear as I did with the vision of the daemon.”
Senna thought for a moment, “Hmm... what is this tower in a blizzard?”
I think it has something to do with the ruins in the Northlands... that’s all I could think of that it could be.”
“Well, Diame,” The queen said, “You know that I respect you and your abilities very much, and I do believe that your visions will come true. So, I must ask you, what do you think this daemon is? And how the Northlands are connected to it? I know you came here for help, but still, I can’t do anything if I don’t know all the facts.”
They walked through the courtyard to a pair of grand doors which led into the inner castle hallway. 
Diame sighed but held up her courage, “Well... that’s why I came... to find out what this all means. I know the Northlands are involved somehow... so I thought that I could have a ship to take me there...?”
        Senna went quiet and then thought for a moment, “Ah... I see. Well, Diame, I will definitely consider your request. It is asking a lot, but if we have the resources to help you, we will.”
Diame let out a sigh of relief, “Thank you, Your Highness. This is a very important matter and I do hope you decide to help.”
Should we discuss this with Ijia’s Bishop?” asked Senna
“I don’t know, but we could if we must.” said Diame.
“Very well. I will let you know of my decision tomorrow, for tonight please rest in the guest’s quarters. I’m sure that guard has made suitable preparations for you.”
“Thank you, mi’lady.” Diame bowed to the Queen.
Senna looked at a servant and said to her, “Could you please escort my guest to her room?”
At once, your highness.” She responded and curtseyed to her. “Right this way, mi’lady.” The servant started walking towards the guest quarters and Diame followed.
        Xavier and Senna kept walking and went through the castle hallway. They ascended the grand staircase and kept walking through the finely decorated castle. There were suits of armor polished to a shimmer on the sides of their path, priceless paintings and artifacts hung on the walls. The floors were tiled with polished black and white marble in a checkerboard fashion. Flags were hung on the wall, embroidered with the symbol of Ijia: 
A Phoenix with a black left wing burning with blood red fire, and its right wing was white and aflame light-golden. The background was dark blue on one half and light blue on the other, to symbolize it ascending to the sky, and how the sky can be both dark and light. In its right claw, it held a shield that had the Ijian family coat of arms emblazoned, and the left held a black sword.
        They reached the queen’s room. Senna took out a finely decorated gold key and unlocked the gilded doors. Inside, she locked the doors again. Xavier went up to the fireplace and put some logs into the hearth. He held out his hand and a small charge of electricity emanated from his finger tips and struck the wood, sparking a fire. The room was aglow with the orange fire’s light and the crackling firewood gave the room a relaxed, homey ambiance. 
        The firelight revealed the extravagantly and lavishly decorated room of the queen. Finely lacquered cabinets containing luxurious regal clothing and bookshelves filled with every book imaginable in immaculate condition lined the rose-pink walls. The bed was red and pink with rose petals embroidered in the fluffy down sheets. The bedding was soft as clouds and had a white canopy made of silk. The windows overlooking the mountainside and open seas were spotless; it looked as though it were only air.
So, Xavier... what do you think about Diame’s request?” asked Senna as she opened a bottle of red wine from a cabinet.
Xavier grabbed two crystal flutes and sat down at the oak wooded table, “I’m not one for fortune telling, Senna...”
Senna sat down and poured the scarlet wine into the glasses, then put the wine bottle on the table side, “It’s not staring into a crystal ball, you know. She truly does have a gift. Even the church recognizes it.”
Mayhaps... but I’m not quite sure. We need all available knights here anyway, Pefali is sure to strike once more soon.” Xavier then took a small sip of the fragrant wine.
        “True... I also think a few little dreams are not enough to expend on a trip to the Northlands, especially since she’s not even sure if that’s where the place is in her dream... Or if there’s any point going there either way.” She held the glass up to her lips and savored the wine’s bitter sweet bouquet.
“Agreed... Well, we shall tell her tomorrow then?”
“Aye. I do feel bad for her coming all this way for nothing, but we simply can’t go on a wild chase at a time like this.”
Xavier nodded and then raised his glass, “Let’s have a toast, shall we?”
Senna smiled and chuckled, then raised her glass too “Oh, what for?”
This toast is to Priestess Diame. May the gods guide her visions and show her their meaning.” They then moved their flutes closer, almost touching.


        Diame was in her guest room, a servant helped her unpack her satchel and another servant brought her freshly cooked beef stew that she rested on a nearby dresser.
Thank you very much for your help.” said Diame as she began to change her clothes into a comfortable silk robe.
“Oh, no mi’lady, thank you for such kind words.” A servant said as she was placing the sheets on the bed.
Diame went over to her, and then began to help her tuck the sheets into the bed.
Mi’lady, please, you’re exhausted. You don’t have to...” said the servant who was making the bed.
“I know... I’m just not used to this ‘royal treatment’.” said Diame.
“Why don’t you have some of that stew I brought up? The chef made it especially for you.” said the satchel unpacking servant. 
Diame nodded “Very well then. Thank you.” She walked to the stew and picked up the ceramic bowl and started walking to the table in the middle of the room. A sudden shiver ran up her spine and the bowl dropped, the opaline glass fragmented and the stew spilled all over the floor. Diame then fell to her knees helplessly.
Mi’lady! Are you alright?!” a servant rushed over to her and put her hand on Diame’s shoulder.
“A-aye...” said Diame. Then her sight fixated on the broken fragments, and all faded to black instantly. Diame found herself in a dark room with a burning light. There was red wine and glass over the studded table. Two lovers in each other’s blood lay silently on the floor, holding broken glass shards, staring at each other lifelessly, their bodies pierced in countless arrows.
A bright light broke through the bloody scene, and Diame found herself on the floor, covered in soup.
Lady Diame?! Lady Diame!!!” a servant was yelling while shaking her.
        “What was-...” Diame said as the servant helped her to her feet and sat her in a chair. Some of the ceramic bits left minor cuts on her skin and she began to bleed.
        “Sit, please... You’re hurt... Don’t worry, we’ll treat your wounds and clean up the mess.” said a servant as she began to wipe the stew chunks off Diame.
        “W-wait...” said Diame as her eyes widened.
        “What is it?”
        “The Queen... Senna is in danger!”


“This toast is to Priestess Diame. May the gods guide her visions and show her their meaning.” They then moved their flutes closer, almost touching.
        “Your highness! Your highness!!!” shouting was heard outside of the door, being banged on, and the rattle of a turning locked knob was heard.
        “What is it?!” the queen shouted and stood up towards the door.
        “Arbalesters are mounting nigh!” the voice shouted.
        “What?!” Xavier stood up and dashed to the window. Countless glints of arrow heads glistening in moonlight were seen all lined up on the mountainside. They let fly, like a sea of shooting stars, advancing closer to him. “Senna!” Xavier shouted and with lightning like celerity tackled the queen down. As they fell, the window’s glass shards cascaded, and a thousand arrows whisked through their hair and one after another darted into the rose-pink walls with relentless consecutiveness. Infinite fractals reflecting of fire’s effulgence fell felly, filling the furnished flat. The terrible torrent at last terminated, leaving legions of lesions in all but a few of the fine furniture. With the ceased shattering sounds, the sadistic sound of silence was a sort of serenade. Xavier lay over Senna, panting, bathed in glass.
        VI. The Soaring Raven


        The girl, now age seventeen continued her training. Her bare fist cut through the large stone in a single blow. The rock shattered into hot, molten fragments.
Again.” He said, then threw another large stone at her.
Mirnada threw another punch and it cleaved straight through the rock, adding to the molten pile.
Again.” Marshall hurled an even bigger rock at her.
Mirnada threw a punch and hit the rock, but it did not break. She was hit and fell backwards to the ground. Marshall instantly caught the rock just before it crushed her, and tossed it aside, then extended his hand and helped Mirnada up.
Are you alright?” he asked.
“Y-yeah...” she got up and dusted herself off, then covered her bleeding hand with the other “Damn... this bloomin’ hurts...”
“Why did you hesitate?”
Mirnada glared up at Marshall “’Coz it was a flippin’ huge rock, why do you think!?”
Marshall looked down at her for her insolence, “Twenty laps. Go.”
Fehhh....” Mirnada began running around the training area dejectedly.
“Do I hear thirty?”
“No, Master!”
Marshall watched Mirnada as she ran around the training area. “How is your hand doing?”
It hurts like a bitch, Master!”
        “God, you have such horrible eloquence. I guess I should have trained you on how to speak properly as well as unarmed combat in these years you’ve been here.”
        “Yeah, guess you should have.”
        “Another 5 laps.”
        “Grrr...” Mirnada continued her laps. 
Marshall smiled at her and then sighed nostalgically, “I have taught you almost everything I know, Mirnada. Some of these last few skills I’ve shown you are very powerful, some are extremely difficult to use. You must be disciplined and understand the full potential of these techniques before you can learn them.”
Aye, Master.” Mirnada said, nearly out of breath.
Marshall motioned towards Mirnada to come back, “Alright that’s enough laps, come on back here and take a break.”
Mirnada ran back to Marshall, and they both sat on the green grass under the shade of the nearby tree. Marshall stared at the training area; it was four trees in a perfect square, each tied to and holding up a cloth canopy which shaded a small area of the grass field. In the middle, there were four stone pillars, each with some sort of writing on it. 
Let me see your hand.” Marshall held out his own open hand.
Mirnada held out her hand, and put it on Marshall’s. He gently tapped Mirnada’s forehead with his other hand, and then clasped both hands around hers. A warm, violet light glowed from her hand and her pain melted away. The light faded and Marshall opened his hands, revealing Mirnada’s healed wound.
What... did you just do?” Mirnada said as she looked at her hand in awe.
“I used your own magickal energy and channeled it into an aura of healing. This is one of Jorgard’s secret techniques. I now pass it on to you.” 
Mirnada stared at him, confused, “Wait... wot...? How the ‘ell am I supposed to do that just by touchin’ someone’s ‘ead?”
I have shown you how to do it.” Marshall said, “And when the time comes when you absolutely must use it, meditate and concentrate, and you’ll be able to.” He then stood up from under the tree’s shade.
Mirnada sighed and stood up, “Gee, thanks.” She said sarcastically.
I had planned on ending lessons for today, but it seems like you wish to run more laps.”
Mirnada sprang up and then bowed to Marshall, “No, Master!” 
        Marshall smirked at her, “Come on, lets go back home for lunch and your school lessons.”
        They stood in the middle of the lush, green grass field that swayed in the wind and seemed to stretch on endlessly into the vibrant blue sky. Mirnada turned to Marshall and nodded. They quietly began to walk through the tall grass, the sun on their backs, towards a collection of familiar buildings in the far off distance, with the clear blue ocean behind it.


        Freed from the darkness, Tavian traveled down the ages traversed dirt road, long plains of grass on either side of him. He had been walking for hours, away from the horror he had just escaped. He was starved, parched, and exhausted, but like the beat of a drum his legs continued to walk down the road, knowing that it must lead to some sort of village. He began to grow irate at his fatigue, and a deep rage to survive burned within him. The grass surrounding him began to blacken and wither as he stormed past it. 
        He continued walking, the will from his anger keeping him in motion. He saw a town in the distance. A dark smile came upon his lips as he staggered toward the village. He drew upon his last strength and began to quickly sprint to close the distance, leaving a road lined with dead grass in his wake.
        He passed under the sign up above the road leading into town. “Welcome to Jirata” it said. The town was small, though the inhabitants didn’t seem to live poorly. The houses were all made of grey and blue stone and were arranged around in a circle. The surrounded area was all paved in stone with a large fountain in the center. Nearby were docks and the crystal clear open ocean.
Tavian scanned around at the buildings and saw a tavern. He casually walked towards it, suppressing his irritability. The townspeople were going about their business, but they all seemed to be a little on edge as they felt Tavian’s foreboding dark aura draw closer. They all turned an eye nervously as the man in black walked through the town square towards the pub.
        He pushed the creaky wood door open, and instantly the loudness from the boisterous crowd boomed out. At first glance, he could easily tell the kind of patrons this pub was having today. 
Pirates.
        They were far too inebriated and preoccupied in their laughing, drinking, smoking and cussing to pay any mind to the shadow knight. Tavian walked through the pub silently through all the sound, and sat down at the bar. The bar was lit dimly by a few lanterns hanging from the walls. The barmaid was running around panicked, serving and spilling ale to the crude crowd. He listened to the terrible profanity spewed about from the pirate’s mouths as he waited. His mouth watered at the juicy meat rotating on a spit visible in the back room. 
“Lonnie, hurry get the rest of the drinks before they kill us.” the bartender said to the barmaid, nervously.
“Aye, aye, I know!” she said in a hurry into the back room, filling up more glasses.
Finally, the bar tender walked up to Tavian.
The server was relieved to see someone besides a pirate, yet at the same time, fearful of Tavian’s dark demeanor. He was a large, fairly aged man with a bald head and a long grayed beard. “You have some bravery to walk past all these rogues, lad.”
Tavian smirked back, “I’ve dealt with worse riff-raff, they are nothing.”
        The bartender was surprised by his reckless words, “My word, lad. You must be a real brazen one to say things like that while they are right around you.”
Tavian sighed, “The only thing I am right now is hungry.” He pointed to the giant boar roasting in the back room, “I’d like a cut of that.”
“Hah...” the Bartender said, “Very well then, lad.” He dutifully went into the back room.
Tavian watched him as he cut through the pig’s roasted flesh, a stream of fat dribbled out and sizzled in the fire.  He then looked around the room, scanning his surroundings and the unsavory patrons. He disdainfully listened in on the obnoxious chatter.
“Hey, you fuckin’ tart! Where’s our drinks!?” one of the repulsive men shouted at the barmaid.
“C-coming!” Lonnie shouted, running over to them, arms filled with giant glass goblets brimming and spilling with strong spirits. They all grabbed their drinks out of her arms, a pirate reached down her blouse, and groped her breasts “Ah, I guess this endowment would explain why you’re so slow!”
She gasped, covered her face, blushed, and ran off as the pirates all burst out laughing at her in a booming clamor.
“Here’s to our fuckin’ brilliant captain Al!” one of the men shouted. They all cheered and clanked their glasses together, spilling most of their drinks, then gulped down the potent alcohol. They all coughed at the burning in their throats, and then laughed as their faces turned a bright red. 
Tavian assumed that the large, hulking man was their captain. He towered over his crew, had a long black beard and hair, and looked very serious and intimidating, even while laughing. 
        Tavian noticed a scrap of paper on the floor behind the bar counter, it seemed to have been recently torn off the wall. 
“WANTED: Dead or Alive, The head of Captain of the Black Neptune, Alvaris Nepten. Reward 500 Gold Coins, paid by the Government of Pefali.” Then there was a drawn picture in the likeness of the large pirate sitting at the long table.
        “Here you are.” The bar tender said, placing the slab of meat in front of Tavian. “Anything else?” he asked.
        “Some bread, water, and your strongest mead.” Tavian said, then he immediately grabbed the mutton and began ravenously ripping into it with his teeth.
The bartender nodded and got Tavian his other food.
Tavian sank his teeth into the bread, and took a giant bite. He then gulped down half the glass of mead, it burned his throat as it washed down the bread and then he gulped down the glass of water. He then continued consuming his meal in this fashion. 
The bartender watched in astonishment, “Have you not eaten in a moon, lad?”
        Tavian finished eating the meat and bread, then gulped down the last of the mead and water. He leaned back and caught his breath after eating so voraciously.
Quite a show, lad.” The bartender said, jokingly clapping his hands, “Well, that’ll be twelve copper.” He said.
Tavian was quickly reminded of his empty pockets. He let out a relaxed, satisfied sigh, and then looked up to face the bar tender. “ Unfortunately, I don’t have any money on me at the moment.” He said with a straight face.
The bar tender looked angrily at Tavian, “What are you sayin’ lad? That you think you just got a free meal?!”
No,” Tavian said as he shook his head. “Let me ask you something, do you really make a lot of money running a tavern? And do you think these pirates intend on paying for any of this? And if they did, would it be enough to cover the damage they’ve done to the bar anyway?”
        “What are ye getting at, lad?”
Tavian leaned forward, then pointed at the floor behind the counter, “That flyer. The wanted man is over there, correct?”
Sh-sh-shhh!” the bar tender whispered in a panic, “Hush! The instant I saw him come in I tore the flyer down because I didn’t want him to start any trouble with me.”
“Hand it to me.” said Tavian. 
The bar tender picked it up and gave the parchment to Tavian, “What are you gonna do, lad?”
I am not a thief; I shall pay you what I owe for the meal.” Tavian said, then stood up and grabbed the flyer then marched to the table where the behemoth was sitting at. He slammed the wanted flyer down on the table firmly, breaking the boisterous clamor into a deathly silence. He scornfully stared straight at the large captain at the opposite end of the table.
The bar tender’s jaw dropped as he watched the boy’s insane recklessness. “Are you out of your god damned mind?!” He yelled.
        The pirates all glared at Tavian for his interruption, and then saw the wanted poster on the table. “Captain Alvaris Nepten, I’ve come to claim the price on your head.” he said in all sincerity.
The pirates began to laugh at Tavian as he stood unfazed by their jeers.
The flyer says either dead or alive. So come with me quietly, or I will take you forcefully, and I doubt you’ll survive if I do.”
The towering pirate stared coldly at Tavian, “Boy...” the moment he spoke in his deep, frightening voice, the laughs stopped and everything was once again silent. “You’d best leave now, before I rip you limb from limb.”
Tavian drew his dagger from his holster and pointed it at the captain. He gave the pirate captain a long, sinister stare. “Last chance, Alvaris.”
        Seeing the boy had a weapon, though small, the other pirates all drew their swords. The captain stood up and drew his blade as well. “Tear him apart. Slowly.” said Alvaris. The pirates chuckled and they drew closer to the boy.
        Tavian smirked, then scowled at them with a dark, sadistic look in his hazel-red eyes. Like a strike of lightning, he threw the dagger across the table and it found home in Alvaris’s stomach. The captain fell to his knees and howled in pain and anger, the minions all flailed their blades at Tavian in a drunk, cumbersome manner.
        The barmaid screamed and ran into the back room, the bar tender watched helplessly as the violence unfolded.
Tavian ducked and evaded all of their muddled blade strikes, and then jumped up onto the table and ran across it towards Alvaris, knocking over the glasses of booze in the process.
Alvaris had pulled the dirk out of his stomach, threw it aside on the floor, and then got to his feet. He raised his blade and held it at the ready as the shadow knight drew closer. 
        Tavian was now before the behemoth, and he sprung up and kneed Alvaris in the face as the pirate swung and missed Tavian. Alvaris fell back into his seat, which then toppled over backwards. The other pirate minions all started to rush back to Tavian and Alvaris. Tavian jumped onto the floor and then grabbed his dirk, then with a wicked bloodlust he charged towards the fallen captain laying on the ground and maliciously plunged the dagger into Alvaris’s black heart. He screamed as blood plumed from the wound. As the life left his body, his eyes glazed over and his last breath escaped.
        The other pirates were in shock and rage as their leader lay slain. Tavian with his deed done stood up facing the swarm advancing towards him. His eyes were wide and aglow scarlet, his face stretched with a terrible, evil grin. Clenched in his steel hand was his bloodied dagger he pointed at the rogues, daring them to come closer, whilst Alvaris's blood trickled down his blade. 


        Marshall and Mirnada entered through the town’s gates, and saw all the people eyeing the rattling and crashing sounds coming from inside the tavern.
Marshall ran up to one of the townsfolk, “What’s going on?” he asked.
        The man shook his head at Marshall, “I dunno. Some vagrant in dark clothing went into the tavern a while ago and then all of a sudden, this ruckus started.”
        Marshall turned to Mirnada, “Ready to break up a bar fight?” 
        Mirnada sighed, “Oh boy, this’ll be fun.”
They both ran towards the pub and opened the creaky oak door. The lanterns were out, and the inside was black except for the sunlight entering through the door. 
“Why is it so dark in there...? The windows don’t have any curtains...” said Marshall. He and Mirnada stepped inside. It was very quiet, except for the sound of heavy breathing. Then the pungent stench hit them. Marshall saw the windows from the inside; they were darkened with blood. He took another step, their shoes were sticky, and blood was all over the floor. Mirnada began to feel queasy at the sight and smell of the blood, she had never seen so much in her entire life.  Then a light cut through the darkness, a pair of red, glowing eyes opened.
“A daemon!?” Mirnada exclaimed.
Marshall walked closer to the eyes, and closer up he was able to see Tavian’s face, breathing heavily. “No, it’s a boy... at least I think it is.”
Tavian stared back at them and the light in his eyes faded back to his regular red-hazel. He began to breathe more slowly and steadily.
“Boy, did you do this?” asked Marshall.
“I... think so.” replied Tavian.
The bar tender popped his head up over the counter, “Oh, thank god, Marshall! This boy is a monster! Be wary!”
Tavian stood up and sheathed his bloody dagger. He then walked around Marshall towards the door. Marshall kept his eyes on him; he wasn’t going to let him get away with this detestable violence. “Hold it, lad.” He said.
“Oh right, my tab.” Tavian said as he lifted up the severed head of Alvaris and tossed it onto the big table towards the bar tender. “Keep the change.” he said nonchalantly as he walked out the door.
Marshall turned to the people behind the counter, “Are you both alright?”
        The bar tender nodded “Aye, Lonnie ‘n me are fine. Just make sure that boy doesn’t harm anyone else!”
Marshall nodded and then head out the door, Mirnada following. Tavian was quickly walking towards the few ships docked in the harbor, followed by Marshall and Mirnada. The townspeople looked in fear as Tavian calmly walked to the water covered in blood splatter. He could feel himself being looked at, some people turned away, others watched nervously. He glanced over his shoulder to see he was being followed by the town’s guardians. Not feeling threatened, he shrugged and kept walking to the docks. There was a ship that stuck out, the name “Black Neptune” on the side. He started to walk up the ramp leading onto the deck.
So you just genocide an entire tavern then leave?” Marshall said as he and Mirnada walked up to him, but keeping some distance.
Tavian turned around, “They chose their fate, and I have no desire to stay here any longer.”
Mirnada stepped ahead of Marshall, “Wot the ‘ells your problem?! Why did you kill ‘em?!”
They were obviously pirates. There was a bounty on the leader, and after he resisted I had no choice. The rest of the crew joined him in hell soon after.” Tavian then turned towards the ship, “And here’s a ship with no owner, so I’ll be taking it.” He then cocked his head towards them, “Sound fair?”
Mirnada turned to Marshall, “Well, what’ll we do?” she said.
        Marshall thought hard for a moment, then sighed, “... We’ll let him go, that man he killed did indeed have a death-warrant bounty. He’s giving the reward to the bar owner, so they’ll be able to recover from the damage caused... And he’s leaving so he won’t disturb the village anymore. I see no reason to arrest him.” He then shrugged. “... But I must ask you...” he then looked up to Tavian, “Who are you? Why does a boy as young as you have the eyes of a daemon?”
        Tavian looked down at him, “I am Tavian Drakon of Ijia’s Shadow Knights.” his eyes flared red for a moment, “I am simply returning to Ijia.”
        Marshall felt a chill run up his spine, and looked a little worried, “Wait... you’re... General Tavian?!”
Tavian nodded.
        Mirnada looked back and forth at both of them, confused, “... Do you know him or somefin?”
Marshall turned to Mirnada, “He is the leader of half of Ijia’s army.” He then looked back at Tavian, “What are you doing here?”
        Tavian grew impatient, “I’m not wasting anymore time with you. Goodbye.” He then continued walking up the ramp and went onto the ship. He then began to prepare the ship for departure.
        Marshall, seeing that it was pointless to bother the standoffish boy further, turned away and started walking towards his house.
        Mirnada, confused, followed him, “You jus’ let him get away!?”
        Her master looked back, and gave her a stare as if to tell her to be quiet. She understood and just sighed, “Wotever...” she mumbled.
        They walked through the town and the people looked relieved that the terrifying boy was gone. Marshall opened the door to his house, and Mirnada and he went inside. They sat down at the table and Marshall got some schoolbooks and placed them in front of Mirnada. “Let’s practice your studies for today now.” He said.
        Mirnada eyed him and staggered, “After what happened, you ‘spect me to jus’ sit down and study?! Come on, I know somethin’s botherin’ you!”
        Marshall sighed and leaned back in his chair, “I saw his evil eyes, they were so empty, yet so full of hate. How he killed those pirates single handedly with just a dagger...” he then fell silent and thought deeply.
        Mirnada stared at him for a moment, then she smiled at him, then began to chuckle uncontrollably. 
Marshall looked at her angrily, “What’s so funny?”
Wot is wrong with you?!” Mirnada said while laughing, “He was just a young’un like me! Don’t tell me somefin like I scare you next!”
Marshall rolled his eyes and shook his head, “That boy... Tavian... He frightened me a little. After all that I’ve seen in the world, I very rarely had seen something like that...”
Like what else?” questioned Mirnada.
“I met the former leader of the shadow knights many years ago when I went to Ijia... General Azaria.”
“Pretty name...”
Marshall nodded, then continued, “Aye, but she was terrifying, just as Tavian... She had those exact same daemonic glowing eyes... Seeing them again really caught me off guard.”
Oh, I see why you were actin’ so weird then... what else have you seen in Ijia?”
Marshall smiled at her “Hah, you always did love to hear stories of my travels... Ages ago I met King Mardche and Queen Ayleth of Ijia, General Ozwyn of the Paladins and General Azaria of the Shadow Knights on the eve of the Night of Lights.”
Night of Lights?”
“It happens once a year at the same time, the aurora that appears over Desye every night expands all over the night sky and it’s visible from Ijia. It signifies the beginning of the New Year. The whole sky turns into a prism of many beautiful, bright colors. There’s so much celebration and feasting... I should take you some year, but all the people I just mentioned are no longer there. Ijia is currently run by Queen Senna, Xavier of the Paladins and Tavian of the Shadow Knights.” 
Mirnada listened to him, fascinated and fixated.
Marshall continued, “Mirnada, when you have the chance, you should travel around... See new things, experience the world’s wonders as I have. You’ll have the time of your life. Remember, opportunity comes but once and I’m glad I traveled around at my young age when I took the chance.”
Mirnada thought to herself, then nodded, “Hmm... You’ve never told me wrong, I will do that when I can, Master” She then smiled at him.
        Marshall smiled back, “Well, go ahead and study, I’ll bring up lunch in a minute.”
        Mirnada got up and took her books, then nodded to Marshall as if to say thanks. She went upstairs to her room.
Marshall opened up the oven and the aroma of a well seasoned fowl that had been slowly roasting all day poured out. He carefully took it out and grabbed the nearby kitchen knife then carved off some generous pieces and placed them on a plate. He filled up a glass from a nearby water cask, placed some bread on the plate and got a napkin, he knew how much of a messy eater Mirnada was.
        Marshall felt strangely content. This girl he’s been caring for like a father all these years... she had become more than just a daughter to him. Closer than a sister or friend, she had become a part of his life. He had learned so much just by teaching her the ways of the world. He was happy to see her learning and having so much, becoming more than she could ever be as a thief in the streets of Pefali. 
The instant he first saw her, there was a connection, someone else from Jorgard. How she even got to Pefali was still a mystery to him, and he still wondered about it. Maybe it was a strange twist of fate how she came into his life, he pondered. Or perhaps it was just a strange coincidence? Regardless, he was happy he had such an influence in someone else’s life, especially a fellow Jorgard. 
Marshall walked up the stairs with these thoughts dancing through his mind, holding food for her. He smiled as he reminisced, then opened the door to Mirnada’s room.
        The window was open, and her books were still closed, but a single sheet of paper lay on her desk. Mirnada was nowhere to be seen. He put the plate down and quickly went over to the desk and saw the parchment.
Thank you for everything! We’ll meet again, promise!” and a doodle of Mirnada standing next to Marshall was scribbled on it.
He was caught completely by surprise. He went over to the window and looked out, searching desperately for her among people. He saw Mirnada running towards the ocean in the far off distance, and then she faded into a blur into the crowd near the docks and vanished.
        Marshall felt a pit in his stomach and a lump in his throat. He couldn’t stand... he sat down on her bed and silently stared at the floor. He sighed and tears ran down his face. He then leaned back and stared at the ceiling. Such an important piece of his life was gone... but he was comforted by the fact she took his advice and she was going to travel around the world. Then he froze for a moment... realizing who she was going to be traveling with. He felt physically sick, and he feared for her... then silently prayed for her safety.


        Mirnada dodged and weaved through the townspeople, as she was so used to doing. She arrived to the docks and the Black Neptune was barely a stones throw away in motion. She strained her legs and ran across the creaky wooden planks and reached the very edge. Mirnada kicked as hard as she could off the end of the pier and leapt through the air. She reached her arms out and caught one hand onto the ledge of the ship. She hung off, high above the water as the ship left the harbor completely. Mirnada put her other hand on and struggled to pull herself up. A big wave hit the ship and water plumed up onto her. Her grip slipped and she was hanging by one hand again on the slick wooden surface. She pulled herself up as hard as she could, then her hand slipped off and she began to fall, she helplessly looked down and closed her eyes. Suddenly a steel hand reached out and grabbed her firmly by the wrist. She slowly opened her eyes and in fear she looked up, and saw Tavian staring down at her with his wide, glowing scarlet eyes.
        Mirnada saw the terror Marshall was talking about, in those evil eyes of Tavian’s. She wanted so badly for him to let her go just to escape that disturbing gaze. But she was lifted up by the steel hand. She climbed up onto the deck and was on her hands and knees, then looked up at Tavian, and cowered before him. Tavian looked down at her, and she stared up at him into his daemonic eyes. His gaze seemed to become less angry and actually, somewhat gentle. The light faded and his eyes were back to his red-hazel.
        Tavian smirked at her, “Hmmph...” he mumbled, then walked back to the front of the ship and took control of the wheel. 
        Mirnada stood up and walked towards Tavian, cautiously. Then she remembered that for an instant, his evil eyes showed an inkling of compassion. In an odd way, that made her feel safe. She approached Tavian,  “Um... So... Hi, my names Mirnada!”
        Tavian looked at her for a moment, then nodded, and westward-bound looked straight ahead at the open sea, wheel in hand.
        Mirnada walked away and looked around the ship at all the intricate pulleys, ropes, levers and rolled up sails.
She turned towards Tavian and he was looking at her in his red-hazel eyes.
“Pull that lever, would you?” He said.
She saw a lever close to her and pulled it, unknowing of what it did. All of a sudden the pulleys turned, the ropes whisked through the air and all the sails opened. The ship was at full mast, and the wind propelled them and jerked the ship forward, almost knocking Mirnada over by the force. She was shocked, this was her first time on a ship and she had never traveled this fast before. She ran to the edge of the back of the ship and watched as Jirata, the only real home she ever had, shrank smaller and smaller in the distance. 
        She was scared to leave but thought of the future, and she turned around and saw Tavian at the wheel steering them to the unknown. She relaxed and closed her eyes... the cold sea breeze blowing her short black hair, and the bright sunlight warming her back. She sighed and smiled to herself. Then with excitement, opened her eyes and wistfully stared at the open ocean in front of her.
        VII. Prelude of War


        The morning sun rose, shedding light on Ijia Castle. The cloudscape was a soft array of gentle colors divinely cast from above. The mountains alongside the kingdom were shrouded in thin mist. Marching up and down the forested trails were groups of Paladins and Dark Knights scouring for any remnants of the despicable arbalester attack on the queen. Their search had taken them all night, and very few clues were found as to who was behind it, though everyone was sure it was their nemesis, Pefali. 
        The Chivalrous Libra; a man aged thirty-five. A man in medal adorned, shining white armor approaches a small group of Paladins. He was fairly tall and his hair was short and light brown. His eyes were sky blue and had a look of years of experience and a soul forged in fortitude. “Well? What have you found?” he asked impatiently. 
        They all immediately faced him and stood up straight and stout, and all took their right hands and balled them into a fist and quickly put it above their heart; this was the Ijian salute. “Sir!” they all said in unison. One of them stepped forward, “Lieutenant General Mason! We haven’t found any ballistics weapons or objects, only footprints, sir!”
Mason sighed, “At ease.” the group all relaxed a little, “You do know this is of the utmost importance we know exactly who was trying to take the queen’s life last night.”
“Aye, sir!” they replied, unanimously. 
“Find something... anything. That’s all that’s required.” Mason then saluted them, “Back to work.”
The Paladins saluted him and then turned back and continued scrutinizing every inch of the trail and trees for even the smallest object. Mason looked up the pathway and saw a figure in dark armor, blurred by the mist, walking down the winding dirt road. “Lo, who goes there?” inquired Mason. The figure didn’t answer but advanced closer, and Mason recognized the familiar man as the fog thinned. 
        The Adamant Capricorn, a man aged thirty-eight. He was tall and clad in black armor, with medals similar to Mason’s. His hair was long and black with. It was parted in the middle and draped down his back. His eyes were a vibrant, electric violet color and void of emotion. Staring at them would fill your very soul with fear.
“...General Magnus.” A few other figures in dark armor were following behind him, with barely even half of the medals that he had.
“Show proper respect, where’s your salute?” said Magnus, the man clad in black armor.
Mason reluctantly saluted him, “... My apologies, sir.” Magnus nodded, then Mason continued, “So, have you found anything, sir?”
Of course.” He turned to a nearby Shadow Knight with his black leather gloved hand open. He was handed a rolled up, muddy and damp piece of parchment, “We found this.” He turned back and faced Mason, “We haven’t looked at its contents yet; we don’t want to accidentally damage it. We’re sure it was dropped here last night.” He then tilted his head and said cockily, “And, what have the Paladins found?”
Mason was getting annoyed by his attitude, “Nothing yet, sir....”
        Magnus smirked at him, “Heh, well what can you expect of Paladins?” he shrugged and shook his head, “Well, as you were, then. Good luck, Lieutenant General.” He then pushed past him, knocking Mason off balance for a moment, and then continued walking down the trail, his Shadow Knights following him. They continued down and disappeared into the morning mist.
        Mason mumbled angrily to himself, then noticed the nearby Paladins had stopped to watch the trifling conflict, “Hey, keep searching!” they all went back to as they were. Mason continued to mumble to himself, “Magnus... Ever since General Tavian vanished, he’s let getting bumped up in rank swell his head far too much.”
        One of the Paladins turned and said, “If I may, sir?” Mason looked at him and nodded, the paladin then approached him, “I completely agree. I didn’t care for General Tavian but Magnus is just intolerable.”
“Aye,” replied Mason, “They may ring true, but such words drive Ijia further apart. Magnus has properly earned his rank and deserves respect, so even I must kiss his boots even though he was my equal until Tavian went missing. Now, keep searching.”


        Queen Senna sat in the royal guest suite, as her room had been destroyed. Xavier was by her side. Knights constantly left and entered the room; they were reporting to Xavier and receiving new orders from him. Diame was quietly sitting on a chair blankly staring out an open window. The whole kingdom was abuzz with the news of the attack on the queen’s life. A medic was examining the Senna’s body for any more cuts or glass shards. The queen had only a few bandaged wounds, and was not seriously injured thanks to Xavier’s quick actions. 
And... that ought to do it.” said the medic as she finished bandaging a final cut on the queen’s arm. “We’re all very relieved to see that you’re not seriously harmed. Just take it easy for the next few days, your highness.” Senna nodded to her as she gathered her medical supplies into her big leather bag and left the room.
Nearly pushing the medic over, a Shadow Knight and an alchemist rushed into the room, “Your highness! Sir Xavier!” the knight said, frantically.
What is it?” said the queen.
“We’ve concluded without a doubt who was behind this diabolical attack!” said the Shadow Knight.
Senna stood up from her seat and shared their urgency, “Who?!”
The alchemist stepped forward and said in a serious tone, “Pefali.” 
How are you sure it was Pefali.” said Xavier.
The alchemist lifted up his satchel, “Two reasons...” he opened it up and handed Xavier one of the arrows that had been inside of the queen’s wall. “The arrow feather is from the Red Pheasant, which is a bird native only to Pefali. And, the wood used in the arrow is black oak, which is also from Pefali.”
Xavier and Senna said nothing and stared at him incriminatingly. The alchemist stared at them confused, “... What? Do my findings not satisfy you?”
        Xavier stepped forward to the alchemist, “Before we declare war on a nation,” he held out his hand holding the arrow, “We need something more conclusive than feathers you can buy anywhere and a type of wood,” he clenched his fist and snapped the arrow in half, “Now, don’t come back until you find something solid, understood!?”
The alchemist nervously nodded “A-Aye sir.” and he left the room, bumping into the man clad in dark armor. 
Watch yourself, bumbling moron!” said general Magnus.
The alchemist bowed to apologize and ran away.
Magnus entered the queen’s room followed by his two subordinates, “Your majesty,” 
General Magnus?” said Xavier. “What are you doing back so early?”
Magnus stared hard at Xavier for a moment, “Unlike your Paladins...” he said as he raised his hand containing the muddied parchment, “The Shadow Knights found this and we bring it directly to her majesty.” he turned to Queen Senna and handed it to her.
        Senna took it and unrolled the muddy paper. The inside was legible, surprisingly. She began to read it aloud. 
Dear citizens of Ijia and its distinguished Generals, 
I do hope the loss of your queen hasn’t been too devastating.’ ... what?!” Senna looked up to Magnus, “Where did you find this?!”
        Magnus grinned as he knew he was the one who found a paramount piece of evidence, “It was where the arbalesters attacked from. It was placed conspicuously on a tree stump. We hadn’t read it yet, but it seemed that it was important enough to bring directly to you. Please, finish reading it, your highness.”
Senna looked back down at the muddy parchment and continued. 
I do hope the loss of your queen hasn’t been too devastating. If so, I send my condolences for our brash actions. Though, I feel it was justified since it’s necessary to demonstrate our prowess and intelligence. Now that Ijia has no ruler and no heir to the throne, I wonder what sort of chaos shall ensue in your pathetic little nation. Soon, your castle shall fall under the crushing fist of Pefali, and you will belong to us. So to save your lives and the lives of the innocent, I strongly suggest you surrender immediately. 
Signed, Sir O-’” she cut herself off and stopped reading it. She stared at the paper in disbelief, then crumpled it up in her fist.
Who was it from?” said Xavier to her, puzzled.
“... It was from... him...” replied Senna.
Xavier stared at Senna for a moment, then he thought about it, and suddenly he shuddered, “You don’t mean...”
Magnus shrugged, “I guess now you know what’s best course of action.”
        The queen stood tall and said in a clear, strong voice, “The unprovoked attack on us by Pefali four months ago was irreprehensible. We have just been mustering our defenses and have not retaliated for it, because we were nearly devastated and did that have the means to retaliate,” she paused and scanned all the eyes on her in the room, “And now... once more, they attack us without any provocation,” she closed her eyes and took a deep breath, “I never wanted this to happen under my rule... But so be it...”
“Senna?” Xavier said.
“From this point on...” she continued, “Let it be known to every citizen in Ijia, we have officially declared war against Pefali.”
There was a silence in the room, the kind of awkward silence that no one had the audacity to break. Then suddenly, everyone in the room began to cheer and talk amongst themselves, shattering the silence. “Yeah! We’ll get those bastards!” said some of the soldiers in the room. Some people left and began to tell others, it was yelled out in the hallway “War is declared on Pefali!” then it seemed to echo out throughout the castle, another voice was heard to shout “We declared war on Pefali!” one, right after another.
        Diame stood up and looked out the window and saw people running around and shouting and chanting. Soon, the words traveled beyond the castle walls to the town of Ijia. The whole nation seemed to be united under the fires of the vendetta and all people of Ijia’s hearts were instantly filled with burning pride.


        The dawn’s sunlight shone through the window of the ship. The brightness awoke Mirnada, and she lazily crawled out of bed. She tried to stand but the rocking of the ship knocked her off balance in her state of grogginess. She managed to find her sea legs, and managed not to stumble over. Mirnada hadn’t been on a ship before the previous day when she left Jirata and Marshall’s care to go to unknown lands with Tavian. She had slept in the former pirate captain’s luxurious quarters, and opened the door to the deck. Mirnada saw Tavian at the wheel and the colors of the morning sky’s clouds gently cast down above them. In the not so far off distance, she could see land: A castle along the side of a mountain, and a large town around its base.
Ah, awake are you?” Tavian said without looking at her.
Mirnada rubbed her eyes and stumbled over to Tavian, “Yeah, somewhat... where are we?”
Tavian pointed straight ahead, “That’s Ijia.”
We got here over night?” Mirnada asked, “Wait... so how could you have slept?”
Tavian sighed, “I didn’t... Well, more accurately, I don’t.”
Huh?”
“Only nightmares of the past reveal their faces to me when I sleep, so I have no use for it.” said Tavian coldly.
“Wait, how can you not sleep?!”
Tavian grunted then said nothing.
Mirnada shrugged and gave up, “Tch... fine.”
If you want to be useful,” said Tavian as he turned towards Mirnada, “We need to lose speed if we are to dock in Ijia,” he pointed at another lever on the ship, “Pull that to close the main sail.”
Mirnada nodded, “Fine...” she pulled one of the levers and once more the pulleys turned and the ropes twisted and moved. The sails all rolled up and the ship was moving just by momentum and Ijia and the docks drew close.
Tavian nodded to Mirnada to give her some acknowledgement, then he carefully steered the ship, and it glided into the harbor. He then ran to the ships sides and threw off the ropes to tether the ship to the docks. The Black Neptune stopped, and then it was surrounded by a large group of Paladins and Shadow Knights, ready to attack.
Is this ‘upposed to be some sorta welcome back?” asked Mirnada.
“I think this is more of a welcome for the ship itself than it is for us.” replied Tavian as he lowered the ramp onto the dock. “Follow me.” he said as he walked down the ramp.
The knights all saw Tavian, ragged from his long ordeal, and they all were in shock as the ghost from the past vivified before them. “S-Sir Tavian?!” they said among themselves. 
Tavian walked down the ramp and along the dock, Mirnada following close by. The soldiers all parted to form a path for him as he returned to his home. Some of his loyal Shadow Knights walked alongside him, “What happened to you, sir?!”
Tavian kept walking through the docks and into the town towards the castle, “I was captured by Pefali during the last attack, but I managed to escape.”
Everyone thought you had been slain on the battlefield!”
The people in the busy bazaars all saw Tavian and they all paused and stared at Tavian. They were fearful of him but at the same time, relieved that such a powerful asset to Ijia’s army had returned. They parted ways, forming a path for him.
What has happened in my absence?” Tavian asked as he continued marching on.
One of the shadow knights responded, “There was an attack on the queen’s life last night, but she’s unharmed. Now, she has just publicly declared war on Pefali only a few moments ago.”
Tavian threw his hands up and sighed, “The things that happen while I’m away, honestly...”
And... um... Lieutenant General Magnus is now... General Magnus.” said a knight.
Tavian burst out laughing, almost sarcastically, “Ah, boy is he in for a surprise...”
The knights chuckled nervously. 
Mirnada followed Tavian, listening closely nearby. The knights didn’t seem to notice her; they were too preoccupied talking with Tavian.
        They walked past the bazaar and up the stone steps lined up the hillside leading to the castle’s gates. The guards nearly didn’t recognize Tavian. They thought their eyes deceived them, and then they realized he truly did stand before them. Too surprised to say anything, they just simply opened the large wooden gates leading into the castle’s courtyard. Tavian, Mirnada and the knights followed him. He began walking through the courtyard and through the caste halls. The people all around were gasping in sheer surprise along the way.


“Lady Diame,” said the queen. 
The priestess faced her, “Your Highness?”
The fact that I doubted you... about your visions...” she sighed sadly and closed her eyes, “I truly apologize... If it weren’t for you, I’d be-“
Diame interrupted and walked over to her, “Your highness... You realize that what I see is indeed the near future... So I must press the issue on the Northlands... “
Magnus stepped forward, confused, “What about the Northlands?”
I definitely want to aid you, Diame...” said Senna, “However... given that we just declared war, I can’t spare a whole squad of soldiers; I can’t even spare a single one...”
“Queen Senna,” said Tavian as he entered the room.
Senna’s jaw dropped, and she stood up, staring astounded with wide eyes, “Tavian?!” she said, surprised. Xavier and Magnus had similar reactions. 
Tavian stepped inside, approaching them, “I hope I’m not interrupting anything.” he said sarcastically.
What happened to you?!” Xavier said, stunned.
“Long story short, captured by Pefali, interrogated and escaped, killed the pirate captain Alvaris Nepten and his crew, took his ship and sailed back here...” Tavian then turned his head towards Mirnada standing in the doorway, “And this girl tagged along with me...” he turned back towards Senna, “Now, what’s this business about the Northlands and Pefali I overheard?”
Diame walked up to Tavian and bowed, “I am Priestess Diame Serigh. You must be General Tavian?”
Former general, I’m afraid.” Magnus stepped forward.
Tavian faced Magnus and jeered, “Hah, you think that just because I took a little ‘vacation’, you’re to continue keeping my seat warm for me?”
        Magnus sighed disdainfully and shook his head, “Tavian, Tavian, Tavian ... You really don’t understand, do you?” he looked at Tavian and eyed him smugly, “You are no longer in command of the Shadow Knights, Her Majesty officially gave me the title of General herself.”
“Only because everyone thought I had been slain, which is a very foolish thing to even imagine,” Tavian retorted, “And as you can see, I am very much alive, Lieutenant General.” he then slyly smirked. “I knew how badly you coveted the title of General, Magnus, however now you can go back to your petty games with the dogs you call your ‘Elite Force.’”
Magnus placed his hand on the hilt of his blade, ready to draw it, “You’d best mind thy tongue, lest I remove it.”
Tavian chuckled and unholstered his dagger to accept his challenge, “Hah! I with a dirk am a thousand times more skilled than you with a blade. If you wish to resolve whom should lead the Shadow Knights, make the first move.” “Gentlemen, enough.” said the Queen. “Such behavior is akin to stray dogs than to decorated officers of Ijia’s army.”
Tavian nodded then eyed Magnus. He put his dagger away and faced back to Diame, “As you were saying?”
“Ehm...” Diame said, perturbed. She paused for a moment, and continued, “... I’ve been having nightmares about a terrible daemon... and visions about a tower in the Northlands...”
Magnus rolled his eyes, “So, a few bad dreams warrants us having you take you to the Northlands?”
        Senna eyed Magnus, “Sir Magnus, you know full well that it was Diame’s vision of the attack that saved my life. It’s very possible that her powers of clairvoyance could be seeing the future again, and if it is a daemon like the one in her visions, I don’t want it released unto the world.”
        Tavian felt the need to antagonize Magnus further, “Perhaps following your words and watching your own tongue would be wise, Lieutenant Gener-“
“Your highness! I must know,” Magnus angrily interrupted, “Do you plan on reinstating Tavian as General?!”
Senna nodded to Magnus. “He isn’t dead and is able to perform his duties; I see no reason why not.” 
Magnus grunted, obviously displeased. “Your Highness, I must protest. I really don’t think-“
I have an idea.” interrupted Tavian. Everyone stared at him, “What if I accompanied Lady Diame to the Northlands? Magnus would then end his whining and can be a general until I return, then we’ll take his bottle away.”
“Tavian you little-...” Replied Magnus, then he paused and thought for a moment, “...Fine. I have no problem with that.”
“Very well,” said Queen Senna. 
Tavian looked back to Diame, “As you were saying?”
“... So I would like to go to the Northlands and find out what this tower is and what it has to do with the daemon from my nightmare as soon as possible.” Diame finally finished.
 “So Tavian,” said Senna, “you want to take Diame to the Northlands?”
Tavian nodded, “Aye, I have the Black Neptune so you don’t have to spare any ships. But I’ll need some food supplies and warm clothing for the Northlands.”
“Of course, consider it done.” replied Senna.
Xavier felt a bit uneasy and spoke up, “Wait a moment, will just the two of you be able to travel through the Northlands? And you’re in search of a daemon, to what end?”
Tavian smirked at Xavier, “Heh, well are you offering to join us?”
“Aye.” replied Xavier.
Senna gave Xavier a surprised look, “Xavier? What say you?”
        Xavier turned to the queen, and in his jade eyes was a look begging for understanding from a lover. He sighed and said, “My Queen, my fealty does fall upon protecting Ijia, but to ensure the safety of the world from this daemon far outweighs it... I only wish to keep Lady Diame safe.”
        Senna realized she’d be apart from her love and accepted it, “Alright, just be safe and come back soon. Lieutenant General Mason will be in charge until you return.” 
Xavier nodded, “Yes, my Queen.” he then regretfully left the room.
Begin preparing the Black Neptune,” Tavian said to a knight, “Take all of the pirate’s loot on the ship and put it in the treasury.” the knight nodded and they both left the room and saw Mirnada who was patiently standing in the hallway, “Oh, and take care of this girl too.”
The shadow knight looked at Tavian puzzled, “Who’s the runt?”
Who you callin’ a runt?!” Mirnada replied angrily, “I don’t wanna stay here, I’d rather see wots in the Northlands.”
“Heh, fine.” said Tavian, then he faced the knight, “Give the order to have the ship prepared before noon.”
“Aye, sir.”


        Xavier gave his command to Mason and instructed him of his orders. He knew not how long he would be gone, so he said his loving goodbyes to Senna in private. He wore his battle armor made of polished white steel chest plates, chainmail and pauldrons. On his back, he wore his dark green cape and his long blonde hair in a ponytail. The Paladin was now ready to protect Diame and lend aid to Tavian and Mirnada.
        Tavian, after allowing Magnus to stay General for a bit longer, bathed off all the blood from his enemies. He kept the knife he took from Pefali as a memento after he sharpened and polished it, then holstered it to his side. Although he did properly arm himself with his dark-steel claymore he sheathed on his back and pistol he kept at his side. Fortunately, they were recovered from the battlefield after he was captured. He wore his Shadow Knight battle armor made of dark steel plates on his torso and legs. He went through his belongings and found some shaded spectacles he took with him. Also, he had enough time for the gauntlet on his right hand to be repaired. Now, the Shadow Knight was ready to demolish any obstacle in their path.
 Diame packed her necessities and finished preparing herself for what awaited her in the Northlands. She spent the rest of the morning meditating, but no more visions would come to her. She prayed that she was not wasting their time, and hoped that the gods have shown her the true path. She wore her ceremonial white robe still, and armed with her staff. The Priestess was now ready to search for the truth.
Mirnada, the young child with a burning heart of wonder wished to tag along with them. She knew they were doing something important and simply longed to understand the ways of the world. She wore her orange cloth tunic and armed herself with cesti. The disciplined girl trained in the fighting arts of Jorgard was ready to explore the distant lands.


        The four of them, after making their preparations, boarded the Black Neptune. The clouds had parted, and it was a beautiful sunny day. The sky and the ocean matched the same blue hues and stretched on endlessly. The sea was calm and the wind was blowing to the north, perfect conditions for their journey. Diame thought to herself that the gods truly did will this. Mason, Magnus, and Senna along with other soldiers and townspeople bid their farewells as the ship departed to the Northlands.
        VIII. Memories and Scars


        It was still early in the evening and the sun had just begun to set. The ocean was bright orange in the dying sunlight, and the ship still sailed northbound, nearing their destination. The heavy treasure had been removed so the ship was traveling much faster. The four of them did not know much about each other, so they finally decided to all sit down at a table on the top deck to converse. They had explored the ship beforehand and had found a bottle of wine that was hidden away, so they decided to have some. The light was dim from the setting sun and nearby lamps lit the decks with a pale orange light.


So, wot I’m tryin’ to understan’ is,” said Mirnada, “why are we goin’ to this place? I did overhear some talkin’ about daemons and visions, so I’m really confused...” 
Tavian shrugged, “I’m a little unsure about everything also, as well as who you are Diame, and you too Mirnada... please enlighten us.” he said as he sipped some of his wine.
I’m one of the Seven High Priests,” said Diame, “they are people who are chosen by Lux Grande for exceptional spiritual powers. Ever since I was young, I’ve had premonitions of the future.” she paused and took a sip from the wine, “So, I started spiritual training, and eventually I was able to master soothsaying and even had visions of the future that always came true. Soon after I had become a Priestess, the previous Divine Ambassador had died, bless his soul. The Pontiff was aware of my abilities and made me the next Divine Ambassador to Keylla, the Goddess of Water. Her shrine is in Teva Village which is where I have lived and protected for eight years. I’ve never had any visions of daemons before, and I have had a recurring one almost every night. Keylla then showed me the Northlands in a vision, so I thought to ask Queen Senna for aid to go there and see what the goddess was trying to show me... so here we are.”
Mirnada nodded with interest, and she began to add about herself, “I used t’be a thief when I was younger... stealin’ to survive cuz I never ‘ad a family...”
Diame felt sympathetic, “I’m so sorry, no child should ever suffer that.”
        Mirnada shrugged, “It’s fine, I don’t really think about it too much of it anyway. When my mentor found me, he took me under ‘is care... He taught me how to defend m’self and treated me like I was his own kid... he’s always talked ‘bout how he’s seen the whole world and I should go explore it, so I saw my chance when Tavian was leavin’ Jirata.”
        Tavian took a big gulp of the wine, and reluctantly began to talk, “... I put the past behind me. I’m really not that interesting of a person...” There was a long pause, and they all expected him to continue, but he said nothing.
        Xavier stared at him anxiously, “... That’s it?” 
        Tavian took another gulp of wine and mumbled “Mm-hmm.”
“I thought I’d learn at least one thing about you tonight, Tavian. You’ve always kept to yourself.” said Xavier.
“What is there to tell?” retorted Tavian, “I truly don’t remember anything from my childhood... My first memories are of being trained as a Shadow Knight by Lady Azaria.”
Mirnada interrupted, “Oh yeah! My master told me about her... he said he met Azaria once... and he said you both have the same red glow in your eyes.”
“The eyes... are a curse.” muttered Tavian, “Azaria had the same eyes because she wields the Brevynard, a sword imbued with powerful arcane magicks. If a Shadow Knight arms himself with it, their strength increases drastically... She allowed me to use it once when she had finished training me... the sword’s malice overcame me, and...” Tavian fell silent, “Never mind. It’s a boring tale.” he finished off the rest of his wine in a single slug, “Your turn, Paladin.”
Xavier shrugged, “Fine, if you don’t want to continue... When I was young, I joined the Ijian Army... I became a Paladin and worked my way up in ranks and eventually became the general... That’s about it.”
        Tavian shrugged, “Way to go, you said even less than I did, yet you left nothing out.”
“Heh... touché” retorted Xavier.
Tavian chuckled a little at his own wit, and the other three joined in. They talked a while longer, and then Xavier, Mirnada and Diame grew tired and they slept in the beds below. 
        Tavian navigated the ship, forsaking sleep as he always did. The talk they had tonight did perturb him. He truly did not remember anything from his past, but it never bothered him up until now. He tried to put it out of his mind, but the questions that remained unanswered plagued his thoughts as he piloted the ship through the darkness.


        The night passed, and the morning dawn broke in the horizon. They tethered their ship to an old abandoned port and disembarked. With the snowy path lay before them, they began their trek.


        The four walked through the tranquil landscape, breaking the silence only with the sound of their footsteps crushing through the snow. To protect from the biting chills, they wore warm coats made of thick fur and kept moving ever forward. The clouds were illuminated by the morning sun and gently cast down their light. Diame strained her sight through the veil of snow for any sign of the tower, but the tundra seemed to stretch on endlessly.  She saw nothing but the frozen mountainsides in the distance. Surrounded by the empty cold, they felt alone and lost in this land of pure white. 
        Diame began to worry and doubt herself... There was nothing here, no tower, no daemon... were her visions false? Did she make these generals waste so much time in their nation’s most desperate hour? She stopped in her tracks and fell to her knees. She stared at the snowflakes falling to the ground before her.
The three stopped and turned back, confused. Xavier approached her, “ Lady Diame? Are you alright?”
She stared downcast blankly; tears streamed from her eyes and froze as they fell through the air. She could hear the cruel sound of them landing in the snow.
He knelt down in front of her, “Diame!?” he looked into her eyes as they gazed down, “What’s wrong?”
“I-I’m...” stuttered the priestess, “I’m so sorry...”
“Lady Diame... Why are you apologizing?”
She closed her eyes and shook her head, “It’s... It’s that I’ve dragged you out here for nothing... I must have misinterpreted something in the vision... I took it too literally... I never thought about it until now... I was so wrong...”
Tavian grew impatient “What are you two doing? We still have a long way to go!”
“Go on ahead, we’ll catch up in a moment.” said Xavier.
Tavian shrugged and tossed up his hands, confused. He then continued walking with Mirnada following.
Xavier sat down before Diame, “I want you to know something... I have faith in you.” Diame stayed silent and wiped a frozen tear off her face. Xavier continued, “Why do you not have faith in yourself?” She tried to speak, but her words escaped her. She just wept quietly. Xavier stared at her with gentle, compassionate eyes. “Diame... I have faith in you because my life is evident of your powers... If it weren’t for your vision of the tower, you would not have come to Ijia... And if you hadn’t seen the queen and I under attack...”
“Stop... please...” she forced herself the strength to say.
“You know it to be the truth... the tower must exist... We haven’t even begun to search for it yet... don’t give up hope before you’ve even tried for God's sake...” he smirked at her.
Diame sighed and cleared her mind, “It’s just so hard... I feel like the gods have entrusted me with a burden sometimes with these visions...”
“I see...” said Xavier, “Well, running away from your problems won’t solve them... Trying to believe that your visions are false just to avoid your duties... That’s not very becoming of such a high priestess.” he put his hand on her shoulder, “We all get scared... but you’re not alone... we’re here to help you.”
Diame nodded, and took a deep breath, “Thank you... Xavier.” He smiled at her and then stood up and extended his hand. She grabbed it to help herself stand back up.


“Wot do ya think they’re doin’?” asked Mirnada.
“Hell if I know.” answered Tavian, frustrated, “I want to get this mission done as fast as we can so we can make the war preparations. The more we delay, the more vulnerable Ijia will be.” He continued walking steadfast through the snow.
“Yeah, well she looked really upset, it could’ve been somethin’ important bothering her...” responded Mirnada.
        “So?” retorted Tavian, “She asks for Her Highness's help and it is graciously given it to her, and then in repayment she cries like a child? This is how a Priestess acts...? It’s simply unbelievable!”
        “Oh please, knock it off already.” Mirnada scoffed, disgusted. “It wouldn’t kill ya to think about someone but yourself.”
Tavian eyed her, “Say what you will, I still think this is a waste of time. I’m only helping because Ijia can’t afford to lose Sir Xavier.”
        Mirnada turned back and saw Xavier help up Diame, and they continued walking. “There, see? They only needed a bloody moment.” Tavian ignored her and pressed onward. “Yer truly heartless, Tavian.” muttered Mirnada.
        He ignored her once more. Tavian saw a frost covered sign nearby, “Hm?” he approached it and wiped the ice and snow from it. Carved in it was an arrow pointing west saying “Desye Village” and an arrow pointing north saying “Valice Glacier.” As he read the sign, it sparked a familiar memory. He traced his metal hand against the carved out letters in Desye Village and scrutinized it very closely, without even knowing what he was doing.
“Tavian, now what’s wrong with you?” said Xavier with Diame by his side.
... Oh... Huh?” Tavian said as he looked away from the sign. “Err... Nothing... Oh! There’s a village to the west.”
Xavier raised an eyebrow at him, “You are acting strange, indeed.” 
Tavian regained himself, “... We should go to that village, they might know a thing or two about the tower...”
Xavier nodded, “Alright. Sounds like a plan... but are you sure you’re fine?”
“Aye...” responded Tavian, “Just random déjà vu.”
“Ok then...” He took a glance at the sign, and then the four of them continued onwards.


        The day past and the sun was beginning to set. After traveling through the cold, the fatigued four saw plumes of black smoke rising steadily into the wintry sky, contrasting the pure white.
“Is that... that village?” said Mirnada, relieved.
Xavier smirked, “I sure hope so.”
Tavian squint his eyes and stepped a little farther ahead than everyone else, trying to make out the image of the village. He shook his head in disbelief and then ran as fast as he could towards the village gates.
“What the hell...? Tavian!?” exclaimed Xavier. He then began to give chase.
Diame and Mirnada looked at each other and ran after them.
        There was a collection of ten or so log cabin type houses lined up along the base of a steep hillside, each with a chimney pouring out the black smoke. Dividing the village was a river that flowed from a waterfall cascading off the sheer hill’s edge. An old bridge spanned over the frozen river's surface. The frozen waters were thick and frozen but water flowed swiftly underneath the ice. Built into the hillside seemed to be an entrance to some sort of temple. There were pine trees scattered around as well as a few crudely built snowmen. A sign hung overhead saying simply “Desye.” 
        Tavian ran into the village and stared at all the homes. “Nay... Nay...!” he kept saying to himself. “What the... why...?”
Xavier rushed in followed by Diame and Mirnada. He stood behind him, “Tavian?! What’s gotten into you?!”
        Tavian kept walking around Desye, looking at all the houses. They seemed so familiar and he did not know why. He lost control of himself and fell into a panic. “What... what the hell is going on...!?” he could feel his heart racing, every vein in his body throbbing as if they would burst.
Diame approached Tavian and reached out to touch him, “Tavian, calm down... You can tell us-“
        Tavian spun around, eyes wide and violently glowing red, “Get the hell away from me!” he screamed angrily as he backed away from her.
        Diame, terrified, fell backwards and began to shake in fear.
Xavier grabbed the hilt of his blade and stood between Tavian and Diame, protecting her, “Grab a hold of yourself or I shall subdue you!”
        Tavian jumped back and grabbed his head, pulling at his hair, and let out a piercing shriek. He then panicked and ran through the village out the other end. Xavier watched him fade into the distance’s shroud of snow. Xavier was in shock, he never saw Tavian unable to control himself like this. Mirnada knelt down beside Diame trying to calm her shaken nerves. The curtains on the houses were pulled back one by one and many pairs of eyes gazed nervously through the windows to see what all the commotion was about. A door swung open and a perturbed old woman stepped out of her house, she looked very concerned.
        The Ardent Sagittarius; a sagacious lady with over a century of wisdom. She stood very short holding a long wooden walking staff. A necklace was worn on her neck, a small stone with a strange symbol carved on it hanging from the thin chain. Her silver hair was tied back behind her head in a ponytail. She wore a bright vermillion robe which seemed to match her temperamental personality. One of her eyes was the color of earth, but as radiant as a tiger’s-eye gem, the other was completely milky white and cataract. Both her eyes had a demeanor of wisdom, sternness and kindness. She approached them calmly but she looked very serious, she wanted no harm to come to the village. She saw Diame shaking on the ground with Mirnada comforting her and Xavier with his hand on his sword hilt. “What reason have you to disturb our humble village?” she said earnestly.
“I’m sorry...” said Xavier, releasing his grip on his hilt, “A man in our group went mad. We meant no disturbance.”
The old lady nodded her head, “Hmm... Well, what are you doing here?” she asked. People still stared out of the windows listening in.
“We’re looking for a tower. Do you know anything about it?”
The old lady gave him an angry glare, but also a look of confusion. She nodded her head once more, “Come inside.” she said as she turned around and walked back into her house.
Xavier was puzzled, Diame had regained herself but was still a bit shaken up. Mirnada helped her up and the three entered the old lady’s house.
        There was a large fire in the fireplace, giving warmth, light and a homey ambience. “Make yourselves at home,” she said as she sat down in a rocking chair on the right side of the fireplace, “Please have a seat.” she motioned towards the couch on the other side of the fireplace, facing her.
The three removed their fur coats and sat down on the couch, facing he old lady. There was a silence as they stared at her, and as she stared back with her deathly white eye.
“So...” Mirnada broke the silence, “Who are you?” she asked innocently.
“Ah, you wish to know who I am? I also wish to know who you are, and I think after the disturbance you caused, you’re obligated to introduce yourselves first.” she quipped.
Xavier leaned forward in his seat slightly, as if to bow, “I am Xavier Alexander, General of Ijia’s Paladins.”
Mirnada shrugged, “I’m Mirnada Harts, a student und’r my mentor Marshall Harts.”
“I’m Diame Serigh... Divine Priestess of Water.” she shook off the last of her shaken nerves, “Wait a moment, you’re Lady Birchie, aren’t you?”
The old lady nodded, “Aye, Birchie, Oakh, Madame Oakh... I’ve been called many things, take your pick.” she said as she smirked, “Heh, I thought I sensed something spiritual about you, Diame.”
        Mirnada tilted her head, “You know her, Diame?”
Diame nodded, “Aye, this is the Divine Priestess of Wind, Lady Birchie Oakh.”
        Oakh chuckled slightly, “Heheheh, I haven’t been called a ‘Lady’ in nearly a century, everyone just calls me ‘Madame Oakh.’”
“Ah, I see... Madame Oakh then.” said Diame.
“Wait, jus’ how old are you?” Mirnada blurted out.
“That’s... incredibly rude!” Diame stared daggers at the child for her disrespect.
Madame Oakh simply let out a hearty yet hoarse chuckle, “Wah-hah-hah-hah! Child, do you wish to know my age?” Mirnada nodded with curiosity, Oakh continued, “This year, I am one-hundred, thirty-six years aged, my young friend.” she smiled at Mirnada kindly, “And how old are you?”
“Seventeen...” Mirnada responded shyly, off put by the old lady’s cackling.
        “Um... Madame Oakh...” said Xavier.
        “Quiet! Don’t interrupt, boy!” she snapped back.
Xavier was speechless to be talked down to like that, and he muttered to himself, “But I must ask about something important...”
“So! Young lass,” said Oakh, “You’re student of Marshall Harts, I met him a long time ago! How is he? Oh! Tell me, what are you and your friends doing here?”
“Uh... He’s fine... We’re lookin’ for a tower somewhere around here.” said Mirnada. 
Oakh paused a moment, “... A tower?” she said, with a more serious cadence.
        Xavier spoke up, “Diame had visions-“
“Hush!” interrupted Oakh glaring at Xavier as he sighed and shrugged, “Tell me about this tower, lass.”
        “Diame had visions about daemons and a tower, I think.” said Mirnada.
Oakh looked over to Diame, with a deeply disturbed look in her eyes, “You had them too?”
        Diame stared back at Oakh, unbelieving of what she heard, “...’Too’?!”
        Oakh nodded, “Aye, aye! You’ve seen that monstrosity as well, nay?!”
        Diame nodded, “I have. That’s why we came-“
“You must leave and forget what you saw!” yelled Oakh.
The three stared back at her in complete silence.
“W-...why?” asked Diame, confused.
Oakh shook her head, “I apologize... But you have no idea what these daemons are or what they are capable of... When I was young... I saw it... with my own eyes.”
Xavier spoke up, “What are they? That’s what we’ve been meaning to know...”
        Oakh stared at the floor... then began to speak, “A long time ago... The world was vivisected by avarice, as God saw it. Evaz’Sa saw fit to punish mankind for their sins and force them to obey under her divine rule. But before it came to that point in the Divine Era, God was very generous; the crops of the famished began to overgrow, the ill were healed, and the accused righteous were vindicated. However, after an aeon, the exacerbated God grew weary after performing miracle after miracle... So, she simply began to only observe the people she had taken care of for so long. Quickly, God noticed our world was full of so much greed and bloodlust, unworthy of her benevolence. ”
“I've heard part of this story before...” said Diame, “What did they do to the people?”
Oakh continued, “Evaz’Sa decided to abandon the wretched world and recover her lost strength by merely observing while she rested. However, she knew if she let the unbridled chaos continue, the world known as Caelutera would surely destroy itself. So, she decided to leave traces of her divinity behind. God sacrificed part of her own dwindling strength to create entities of punishment, so they could take over her task and monitor the world’s inhabitants. Now, Evaz’Sa would be able to repose.” 
Oakh took a deep breath and forced herself to speak the next part, her eyes showing the obvious fear in them. “The Watchers, a looming name dubbed thus by the people, were the new overseers of Caelutera. They ensured that the people would stay faithful to God until she decided to return. The people were terrified of The Watchers, and dared not even speak their name. They dared not sin and anger their new masters for they were retribution incarnate.” 
        “These daemons... They’re called The Watchers?” said Xavier. “I’ve never heard anything about them...”
Oakh nodded, knowingly “Aye, even the revered and feared Watchers couldn’t endure the vicissitudes of time, and their lore fell victim to its silence. Thus, another lost chapter had been written. Who is to say why The Watchers were forgotten. Maybe because people simply didn’t talk about them, the tale just faded out of memory. Or, did people force themselves to forget so they could live without fear? No one truly knows, but whatever the reason, people continued their lives, staying faithful to their loving God and shunning the very thought of The Watchers.” 
“Wait, wait, wait,” said Mirnada, “How did people jus’ forget about them? They’re ‘upposed to be the new rulers of the world?!”
        “Who is to say why The Watchers were forgotten.” continued Oakh, “Maybe because people simply didn’t talk about them, the tale just faded out of memory. Or, did people force themselves to forget so they could live without fear? No one truly knows, but whatever the reason, people continued their lives, staying faithful to loving Evaz'sa and shunning the very thought of The Watchers.” she leaned back in her rocking chair and crossed her fingers in her lap, and stared at them, “Now... What will you do with this knowledge?” 
Xavier stood up, “We will do what we must, we can’t allow them to pose a threat to the world.”
        Oakh stood up as well, “Will you upstart against them, against their Dogma? Who are you to decide your fate?! 
        Xavier grabbed his coat and went for the door, Diame and Mirnada stood up as well and headed for their coats.
        Oakh helplessly watched them leave, “We are children of the Gods; without our parents we are lost forevermore!” she said in anger.
        Xavier looked back at her, “Indeed, but an abandoned child must know when to move on...” he turned away and grabbed the door handle, “And that’s what we must do.”
Stop... It’s nearly nightfall, what do you hope to do?” asked Oakh as she stepped towards them.
Xavier turned back to her, “We have to find Tavian, who ran off into the tundra.”
        Oakh paused, completely caught off guard, “... Did you say... Tavian?!”
... Do you know him?!” Xavier stepped towards her, “Please tell me!”
        “No... that man who ran away, he couldn’t possibly have been that boy...” Oakh mumbled to herself.
        “You know something about him...” Diame said, approaching Oakh, “We just want to help him...”
Oakh cast her eyes down and shook her head, “Tavian was a boy who lived in this village... But he died... and that other kid...” she sighed and looked back up at them, “You wish to help him, but you know nothing about his past...”
Who cares!?” interrupted Mirnada, “’e’s prolly out in the middle of nowhere freezin’ to death!”


        The sun had finally set and the land of white faded to black. Tavian staggered through the snow and darkness, ignoring the cruel wintry winds stinging his skin. He strained his eyes to see through the void, but he saw nothing. His body was frozen numb, his mind astir and muddled. Crestfallen and empty, lost in the cold relentless darkness, he stumbled his frozen limbs through the snow, unknowing where he was going, only hopelessly moving forward. 
“Oh god...” Tavian said, fighting back tears, “What daemon possesses me to do such insanity...” he was shivering and desperately hugged the thick fur coat he wore. The night’s cold was truly unbearable and it began to take its toll. “You Gods... pity me not. I shan’t beg for mercy for this cruel fate...” Tavian’s last ounce of strength faded, he grunted and fell to his knees and sat on his feet, no longer able to stand. He groaned and looked up into the cold, pitch black sky. Gathering the words from his last breath, he muttered through his frozen lips, “But... If I do die here, my only regret is... not knowing who I am... Show me... anything... That is all I ask.”
He tried to breathe again, but could not as if his throat was frozen shut. He fell to his hands and desperately tried to gasp, but could not. His eyes began to glow that same accursed red, lighting the snow scarlet before him. Tears swelled up in the back of his eyes but began to freeze before they even fell. He fell over onto his side and curled up and shivered. He gazed into the blackness beyond of what he could see from the snow illuminated by his eyes. He remembered this darkness as if it were a familiar friend, and somehow felt comforted. Some last thoughts flared in his mind, “You gods... This is the extent of your kindness...? You are worthless...” The red glow in his eyes faded, and all faded to nothing.


        Diame, Mirnada, Xavier and Oakh all sat together once more in front of the warm fire.
It’s not right of me to talk about Tavian’s past...” said Oakh, “But if you truly do care about him, you must wait to look for him. The cold in the Northlands at night is deadly if you have no shelter... But, if he is the same Tavian who grew up here... he’ll be alright.”
        “How can you be so sure?” said Xavier.
        “That boy...” muttered Oakh, as if it was a memory she wished to be forgotten. She averted her eyes and gazed into the fire, “Well, a man now, I suppose... But still...” her mind seemed to have wondered off. She just nodded to the fire, listening to the ambience of its roar, as if she understood a hidden emotion behind it.
Xavier stared patiently at her, but his confusion overcame him, “... What?” 
Ah... sorry...” she looked back at them, “Tavian, there always was something special about him... I knew him ever since the day he was born,” her eyes wandered again, as if she was trying to avoid bringing up the very thought of him, “Well, to be more specific the very instant, I was his mother’s midwife you know...” she sighed and refocused back onto the three, “Though, I must say, today when I saw those red eyes glow as I peered through the window... I thought for sure Hell was missing a daemon. Oh, and that scream...!” her eyes widened, “That scream...” she closed her eyes and put her hand up to her forehead.
        “You alright?” said Mirnada, concerned.
        “Aye...” she lowered her hand back into her lap, and continued, “Just, what happened in the past... trying to remember what we all desperately want to never think of again...” Oakh sighed again and swallowed a lump in her throat.
        “Madame Oakh,” said Xavier, “What in the world happened here?”
        “I still remember...” said Oakh, her eyes once again fixated on the fire, “The smell of the smoke... the sight of that blood... and... that scream...” she began to shake and tears streamed from her eyes, she grabbed a handkerchief and wiped them away, and sobbed into it.
Diame went over to her and kneeled on the floor and put her hand on Oakh’s back to comfort her, “It’s alright, we don’t have to talk about this now.”
I’m fine...” said Oakh, removing the cloth from her face, “I just need to clear my thoughts on these scars of the past... We will talk about it tomorrow. You may stay the night here.”
“Madame Oakh,” said Xavier, “Thank you.... But I have one final question.”


        Tavian raised his head and stared into the black sky.


How are you sure that Tavian will be fine?” continued Xavier.


        Up above, a long outstretched, gentle blue beam of light began to glow.


My dear,” said Oakh, “He grew up here and him still being alive is evident enough he can survive anything.” she paused for a moment, “Oh... and,”


        Other colored lights appeared. Soft pink and green, vibrant orange and red lights, they lit up the night sky and cast down a glorious array of colors upon the land. The clouds were illuminated and glowed in ever changing iridescence. Tavian watched in awe, childhood memories began to flood his mind of him sitting beneath the stars, watching these very same lights every night.


        Oakh looked out the window, “Ah, it’s midnight already?”
The three looked to the window and saw the lights begin to brighten the whole land in a sea of beauty. Mirnada jumped out of the couch and ran up to the window. “This must be...!” she said in excitement.
The Aurora.” said Oakh. “Tavian always snuck out late to watch it. He got in trouble with his parents since he was supposed to be sleeping. But really,” she too stood by Mirnada and gazed at the prismatic sky, “who could blame him?” she smiled and felt comforted by these lights, “One thing he always did...” she let out a nostalgic giggle, “When he was little, he would always say, ‘Those are MY lights!’ Oh, he would get so angry when I’d tease him and say ‘Nay, child, nay! They are mine!’ in response.” 


        Tavian looked up at the flowing river of effulgent hues and smiled contently. He lay frozen in the snow, watching the lights and clouds go by. He felt exactly the same as he did as a child, watching in curious wonder. Somehow, the cold didn’t seem so bad after all.
“So...” Tavian uttered, his cadence quieter than a whisper, “I guess you heard me.” a smirk stretched onto his frozen face, “You gods... truly do have me bound by some twisted chains of fate.” He forced his icy eyelids to close and blinked, his numb fingers twitched, and his lungs drew in the cold air. He clenched his fist in the snow and strained his frozen muscles to push himself to sit upright. He stared up at the aurora and felt a tingling sensation in his frozen limbs as the numbness faded away, “Alright... I’ll be a pawn in your game a bit longer, then.” Tavian felt rejuvenated and found new strength, he was unsure if it was his curse’s power, pure resolve, or a direct blessing from the gods. Either way, he managed to stand to his feet. 
He beseeched the sky itself, “Wondrous gift of the gods... guide me!” he said clearly. The river of light ebbed and flowed continuously in a single direction, as if to answer his plea. He followed the light’s flow with his eyes, and he saw small wisps of black smoke in the distance standing out in the light. “... Desye...”  he muttered to himself as he slowly walked towards it, following the guiding light. The air still as cold as ever, he continued onward with a fire burning within him. “It’s funny,” Tavian said, staring at the snow reflecting the colors in the sky, “how the most bleak and cold hell in this world,” he looked back up at the dancing rays of light, “can be as equally divine as the most blissful heaven.”


        Time passed, Tavian marched through the snow, his spirit uplifted by the magnificent sea of light. The smoke he saw nigh above him, the log houses’ windows’ aglow from the fireplaces beside his path. He felt calm and curious; he had returned.


I’d have to go back through many pages in my diary first...” said Oakh, “Then I’d be able to remember every detail about Tavian and what happened here.”
“That’s understandable... do not worry about it.” said Xavier.
“But please tell me... What do you know about him? How did he get to Ijia? How is he now a general?” said Oakh.
Yeah, I wanna know too,” said Mirnada.
Xavier concentrated and thought clearly, “I remember the day he arrived in Ijia... I believe that was... six years ago... I remember because that was about the time of Senna’s... I mean, the Queen’s birthday. She had just turned Twenty-five... He had washed asho-... What...?” his eyes averted to the colored lights pouring in from the window. A figure was drawing closer in the distance, “Wait a second...” he stood up and walked closer to the window, “Is that...?”
        The others all turned and looked out the window and saw Tavian walking towards the house. The door creaked open and he stepped in. They all stared at him with looks of relief. For the first time in a very long while, he felt like he had been welcomed home in a way. 
Heh... Hello there.” Tavian said to respond to their stares.
Xavier walked cautiously over to Tavian, eyeing him with a serious demeanor. He stopped just before him, his green eyes’ gaze burning at the Shadow Knight’s own red-hazel. 
What’s the matter, Xavier?” said Tavian as he looked around the room and the familiar faces by the warm fire, “I see you’ve made yourselves... comfortable.”
Xavier grunted and punched Tavian in the side of his jaw, “How dare you, after what you did!” 
Diame, Mirnada and Oakh jumped up. Startled, Tavian turned his head away from Xavier and covered where he was struck with his steel hand. Oakh quickly stood up from her seat and began to walk towards them; she wanted to end their fighting. Diame saw her get close to Tavian and she was reminded of his unbridled rage earlier. She bolted up and stood in front of Oakh, “Please, you might get hurt...!”
Do you have...” muttered Xavier as he looked down onto Tavian, “...any idea...” he took his left hand and placed it on top of his right hand, throbbing from the strike he dealt, “... what you could have done...!?”
Tavian rubbed his jaw with his steel hand and looked at Xavier to the side, “I guess not. I don’t even remember much of what happened.” he turned his head back and faced Xavier, “Why don’t you enlighten me?”
You ran off into the tundra on your own, you could have been killed by doing something so dangerous... Wasted so much time, we’re no closer to finding the tower because of that...” Xavier looked over to Diame, “and you threatened Diame, I really thought you would harm her, the one we must protect at all costs...!” he looked back to Tavian and met with his red-hazel eyes, “What the hell happened to you? I’ve seen you when you’re uncontrollable like that only in war times during the heat of the battle, but never in such a sudden, unprovoked burst.”
Tavian cast his eyes downward and stepped past Xavier, who was still staring at him. He gently pushed Oakh and Diame out of the way as he walked over to the fire and sat down on his knees close to the flames. The near unbearable heat melted his frozen body. The others looked at him, as if waiting for an answer or explanation. He simply closed his eyes and felt the heat caress his skin.
Well,” Oakh said, breaking the silence. She looking at everyone else, “Tavian is alive and well, that’s all that matters, right?” there was another silence, Diame nodded to Oakh, Mirnada stared at Tavian and Xavier turned away. Oakh continued, “There’s a guest room up stairs with three beds,”
“I’ll stay down here.” mumbled Tavian as he basked in the firelight.
Xavier walked firmly up the stairs, controlling his anger towards Tavian yet making it blatant he was doing so. The other three followed him, leaving Tavian in front of the fire.


Oakh slept in her room while Xavier, Mirnada and Diame went to the guest room. Mirnada, Diame and Xavier, tired from the trek through the tundra, they fell asleep quickly. However, Mirnada was restless tonight and tossed around in her sleep. She woke up and the first image was the dancing lights outside her window. She stayed in bed, trying to relax. Thoughts drifted through her mind, maybe she was too excited about exploring new places to sleep soundly. A part of her missed her home in Jirata, and thoughts of Marshall reminisced. 
She heard footsteps from downstairs, and realized it was probably Tavian. Mirnada was thinking about what he could possibly be doing still awake, and then she heard the front door creak open and close.
The ‘ell is he doin’?” Mirnada mumbled to herself. She pulled the covers off her and put on her thick fur snow coat. Down the stairs into the living room she went. It was dimly lit by the few remaining flickering embers, and Tavian was not in sight. She opened up the front door and went outside. She saw fresh footprints from the doorway leading to around the house, she followed them. “Tavian...?” she said in a loud whisper. The footprints ended at the base of a tall tree growing right next to the house. The tree was thick with snow except for one part that looked like the snow had just been rattled off. “Up there...?” she muttered. While looking up, she grabbed onto the tree and began to climb it. Up at the top she saw Tavian laying on the roof in a thick jacket and a thick blanket staring up at the aurora. “What are you doing, eh?” said Mirnada as she dropped off the branches of the tree on top of the roof beside him.
Tavian looked over to her and smirked, “Heh, can’t take your eyes off the aurora either, huh?”
Mirnada walked over to him and sat down beside him, “I couldn’t sleep... I heard you leave...” she looked up at the night sky at the calming, flowing colors, “did you come out here to try to sleep?”
You forget...” Tavian looked over to Mirnada, “I told you before, I don’t sleep.”
She paused and remembered, “Ah... right... But, you never told me why you don't sleep.”
I did tell you, Mirnada,” he said, “I have terrible nightmares... I’d opt to never see them again.”
“Come on, a few nightmares couldn’t be that bad.” Mirnada said to try to uplift him, instead he felt slightly offended.
Tavian stared coldly at Mirnada for a moment, but she didn’t feel threatened. He leaned back and gazed up at the aurora under the starry sky. “It’s just... I’ve had the same nightmare every night... for as long as I could remember... In it, I’m in a burning house and there’re no doors or windows... I’m trapped inside... I feel the heat of the flames burning my skin... I take a deep breath to scream, but I choke on the smoke...” He raised his hand in the air, fingertips outreached as if to touch the stars, “Then I wake up to my own horrible screaming... for the sake of not alarming anyone, I usually just read or play my piano instead of sleep.”
Mirnada looked at Tavian, puzzled. “So... you don’t sleep? Ever?”
Tavian sighed shook his head as he continued to observe the skylights. Wintry clouds flew by, illuminated into a million soft colors by the aurora’s brilliant light. “I nodded off in front of the fireplace for a short while...” he paused and continued to observe the beautiful sky, “and... I had a different dream tonight.” 
He slowly waved his hand in the air, following the clouds. “I had a dream that I could fly. I was diving down over this same tundra, falling through the aurora... I could feel the cold air biting my face and freezing my hair... But then I realized I wasn’t flying... just falling... falling freely, but I could never reach the ground.” He sighed and put his arm back down. “For some reason, I felt so sad... but at the same time, in a way, liberated. I woke up with tears in my eyes. I cried, Mirnada... I have not had any emotion besides rage in as long as I can remember.”
Mirnada turned toward him “Is it because you’re here? In Desye?” she asked.
Maybe... Ever since we came here, I felt so uneasy... and at the same time, nostalgic. Old memories forced themselves to the surface at a mere glance of the village... memories that I had completely forgotten.”
        “How could you ‘ave forgott’n everything about yerself?” Mirnada questioned.
        “I-I don’t know... I never could remember anything about myself before I came to Ijia...” Tavian fell silent for a moment. “... Wait, how did I even get to Ijia in the first place? ... If this is where I came from, why did I lose control over myself like that...? Why does everything here make me feel nostalgic and happy yet at the same time, I feel so terrified?!” He sat up and looked around him. “What am I doing here?!”
Mirnada sat up as well and faced him, then shook his shoulder “Hey! Snap the hell out of it!”
“I’m sorry... But I’ve never thought about WHY I couldn’t remember anything...” He stared at his hands... then his gaze became fixated on his artificial one. “This... How did I even get this? I’ve always had this cursed hand... I never knew why I needed it,” his gaze wondered around the village and something fixated his glance. He then widened his eyes with a horrified look in them, “...The river...”
“The river?”
Tavian stared at his hand and glared in sheer fear “I was in the river because of...” cogs of logic clicked in his mind, “Wait... no...”
“What?”
“The fire... from my nightmare...”
Mirnada looked at him and raised an eyebrow.
Tavian looked back at her, a look of epiphany in his eyes, “Think about it... what if the nightmare is really a memory? What if that really happened to me?”
You said something about a river too...”
“If I managed to escape a house full of fire...”
Mirnada began to follow his logic, “... If you were aflame, the first place you’d go to is a river... I see..”
Tavian paused and realized he might be jumping to conclusions, “I guess it makes sense... but... why can’t I remember any of this...?” Tavian sighed and continued staring into the sky.
“Well y’figured out something about your past...” Mirnada then smirked at him, “who woulda knew that taking a small step in the past woulda been such a big step forward too, eh?”
        “Heh... guess you’re right.” said Tavian, starting to feel a bit optimistic about his realization.
“What d’you remember about yourself? Nothing at all?”
Tavian searched his mind, “... The very first memories I have begin in Ijia... I cannot remember anything before that no matter how hard I try.”
“Well then... what do ya remember? What’s the earliest thing ya can remember clearly?” asked Mirnada curiously.
Tavian laid flat down on the roof and closed his eyes, thinking hard, “The very first thing I can remember... is waking up in Ijia’s infirmary.”


        And then, Tavian’s story began to unfold. He had not said word about himself to anyone, yet he felt like he could trust this red-eyed girl with his dark past.




        IX. An Execrated Existence


        He finally woke up.
        The boy, aged sixteen, opened his eyes slowly to a blurry white world. His sight began to focus and the scanned the small room slowly. He lay in a clean, soft bed in white sheets. The walls were made of white marble and curtains hung over a doorway, glowing in sunlight. Silhouettes of people were seen walking by on the other side. They were talking calmly, but he couldn’t understand what they were saying. He stared at the curtains and watched the shadows move. He tried to move his arms or legs, but they were stiff and sore. He moved his lips but could not speak. The boy lay still, and could only feel the caress of his own breath. He felt a longing for anything, for someone to be by his side. He tried to think about where he was, but nothing came to mind. 
        He listened to the sounds of people walking, and he heard a familiar tune being whistled in the distance. The sound grew louder, as did a pair of footsteps. A shadow came to the curtain and pulled them to the side. A beautiful young girl stepped through the threshold and closed the curtains behind her. She was fairly tall with long, blonde hair. She had full, red lips and a busty bosom wearing a low cut white uniform of some kind. She was carrying a parchment on a thin piece of wood with an inked quill, writing something. The boy heard the squeaking sounds of the feather rubbing against the paper. She placed them both down on a nearby table and then turned towards the boy, he was staring at her attentively with his red-hazel eyes. She was startled, but then composed herself and approached him cautiously, “Oh, you’re awake?” she said in a soft, angelic voice.
The boy tried to speak, but only the sound of air escaping rolled from his lips. 
“Don’t try to strain yourself, just rest. You’ve been through a lot. My name is Verna and you’re in the infirmary in Ijia castle.” she said in a warm voice.
The boy’s mind wandered. He could not think of anything about himself. A final memory flared in his mind, then faded into nothing.
“Tav...ian...” he whispered quietly.
“Hmm?” Verna said, “Tavian?”
A single tear swelled up in his eye, and streamed down the side of his face, as if he just departed from life itself.
Verna took a cloth and wiped his tear away, “There, there, Tavian... You’ll be alright... just rest.”
“Where...” Tavian whispered.
“You’re in Ijia... you washed ashore today and a paladin found you and brought you here. If a town person had found you, you’d be in a less nice hospital somewhere in Ijia’s castle town, so you’re very fortunate.”
Tavian began to feel some feeling in his arms and legs, he tried to sit up in bed, but he felt searing pain in all his muscles, he gasped at the pang and lay down again, giving up.
Whoa, easy, easy there.” Verna put her arms behind his back and helped him sit up. She put some extra pillows behind him and propped him up, “There you go... You seem to be able to eat something and you must be famished. I’ll be right back, don’t try to move, alright?” she went back through the cloth curtain and closed it behind her. 
Tavian looked down at his side and saw his right hand with a large bandage tightly spun around it. He stared at it, not knowing why it was there. He strained to move his left hand over and felt his bandage. It was thick and wrapped many times making his hand look like a bee hive. He was so curious and confused, so he found the loose end and began to tug on it, unraveling his hand. He didn’t even know what he was doing, only one thing was in his mind, to know why he was here. He kept pulling at it, the loose bandages piling to his side, but then something scared him. The ‘hive’ around his hand was very small and at this point, he should have found his hand, but where the hive was, there was nothing. He compared his forearms, and he saw that where his left hand was, his right hand was not.
        He panicked, he didn’t know what to do, he kept pulling at the white bandage, which suddenly stained red. He pulled off the last of the bandages, and saw a stump, hemorrhaging blood all over himself and the white marble walls.
        Verna reentered the room with a glass of water, she saw the white room being stained scarlet with cruor. She shrieked and dropped the glass which shattered on the stone floor.


        Tavian awoke once more, the same room, with his right hand bandaged even tighter and his left hand restrained. The curtain that once danced with silhouettes now only glowed with dim firelight. He remembered the sight of his own blood and felt empty inside.
Verna came into the room, “Awake again?” she asked.
Tavian stared at her blankly.
You gave me quite a scare, so sorry we had to restrain you, but we can’t allow you to injure yourself anymore.” she said, as she approached him. She took out a metal syringe, “I have to give you an injection so your hand doesn’t get infected, alright?”
“... What hand.” Tavian snapped coldly.
Verna felt off put by him, but she continued her duty. She took his right arm and put the thick needle at the edge of his hive bandage, “I’m really sorry, but this is going to hurt... just try to relax until its over, alright?” Tavian stared forward, fearless, emotionless. Verna pushed the needle into his wrist, and slowly injected the fluid. Tavian stared at her, and was unphased by the pain. Verna was quite surprised that he didn’t even flinch at all, “All done.” she said as she wrapped a small bandage on the small puncture. “... I didn’t hurt you, did I?”
        He stared at her, saying nothing.
        Verna gathered the syringe and got up, “Get some rest for the night, alright?”
        Tavian watched as she left and closed the curtains behind her. He felt numbing feeling tingling up from where he had his injection. He laid back and felt himself fading out of consciousness.


        Some time past, he heard voices and his eyes opened once more. He had been awoken, it was all he could do to listen to the conversation.
That boy... The one with the red eyes... Tell me about him.” he heard a woman’s voice say.
        He recognized Verna’s voice responding, “His name’s Tavian. He washed ashore yesterday. He doesn’t talk too much, and apparently he doesn’t react to pain.”
Doesn’t react to pain; what do you mean?”
“His hand had to be removed when he first arrived; half of it was missing already. He doesn’t seem to be in any pain. I also gave him an injection, he didn’t even whimper.”
“Heh, even the most stalwart soldiers fear a syringe rather than a sword. That intrigues me...”
        “... What do you mean?”
        “Which room is he in?”
        “Um... it’s this one right here.”
Tavian heard footsteps approaching him, and he saw a foreboding black shadow cast upon the curtain. It was pulled back and an ominous woman walked in.
        The Virtuous Virgo; a mysterious lady who appeared to be in her late twenties. She walked in an elegant form which betrayed her fearsome strength.  She wore her casual dark cloth tunic and skin tight black leather breeches. Her clothing wasn’t anything fancy, however her beauty, grace and scornful demeanor blatantly made it obvious she was of official stature. Her flowing, long hair was like the darkest scarlet waves from a sea of flowing rubies. It was parted in the middle and falling freely behind her back contrasting her pale, lily white skin bearing scattered battle scars. Her eyes shimmered with silver and gold and had a look of power, ruthlessness, and determination. 
        She closed the curtain behind her and saw Tavian lying in the infirmary bed, staring up at her. She approached him and let out a “Hmm...” 
Tavian’s mind drew a blank. He stayed still in the bed. 
You are Tavian, the one who washed ashore?” she asked.
He was still in a traumatized state; he didn’t know how to react to the question.
She game him a dark look, almost a glare with her silvery eyes, “I know you’re able to speak, answer me. Now.”
... Aye. As far as I’ve been told.” muttered Tavian.
“Hmph...” the woman scoffed. She grabbed Tavian’s right forearm and scrutinized the large bandage, “Hrr... This won’t do...”
“What are you doing?” asked Tavian, confused by her strange words.
The woman firmly poked Tavian’s bandage, “Does that hurt?” Tavian simply shook his head. “I’ve seen countless severed limbs... The men who have lost them howl in pain at the slightest touch, especially if it could still bleed without the tight bandage.”
... So?”
“You felt it though, correct? You felt the pain but did not react to it?”
“I guess...”
The woman glared at Tavian, “Answer my question, boy. Did you feel the sharp pain, but just did not react to it?”
... Aye.” he muttered.
“... Hmm... Interesting.” the woman said as she released Tavian’s arm from her grip.
Tavian had no idea what was going on. Why was this strange woman who seems to lack an inkling of empathy so concerned with this boy who washed ashore out of nowhere was in pain or not, he thought. “... Are you a nurse?” he innocently asked.
        The woman, almost insulted, smirked at Tavian, “Lad, I am someone much more important than a simple nurse.” She stared straight into Tavian’s hazel-red eyes, examining his empty and emotionless gaze, yet he seemed so full of hate and pain deep within, “... I see it in you...” she said, “I see a trembling fire within you... Tavian.”
Who are you?” he asked.
A dark smile was cast on her blood red lips, “General of the Shadow Knights, Azaria Thorne.” she said with a prideful undertone. “Does ‘Tavian’ have a last name?”
He carefully searched his memories, trying to remember anything, “... Tavian...” he thought hard about the significance of this name, what it meant exactly, who ‘Tavian’ was, “... Drakon...”
Tavian Drakon. I see.” Azaria said.
“Why... are you so interested in me? Do you know me?”
“People have been whispering about you all day, ‘the one handed, red eyed boy who washed ashore.’ It sounded peculiar, but what I’m interested in now is how you don’t react to pain.”
Tavian raised an eyebrow, “... What? Why?”
Azaria smirked, “And these eyes of yours... These red eyes...” she stared deep into them, as if to peer into his very soul, “I’ve seen only a few shadow knights who have eyes like these, and they’ve been through countless battles and sacrificed so much. I wonder why you have them... Where are you from, lad?”
Tavian searched his mind once more, and all he saw was blank nothingness; Pure white. “... I don’t know...”
        Azaria was impatient yet intrigued, “You feel nothing... you remember nothing...” she smirked at him, “Heh... and something inside of you... some sort of terrible rage... perfectly controlled...”
        Tavian grew impatient that this strange woman wouldn’t answer his questions, “Why are you so fascinated with me?”
        Azaria knelt to Tavian’s bedside, “You are a blank slate... I want to chisel you into a perfect shadow knight.” a wicked grin befell her face, her eyes widened and flared red.
        A chill of fear ran up Tavian’s spine. This terrifying woman... “What is she going to do to me?” he wondered.


Several weeks later...


And... that’s the last one...” Verna said as she cut out the last suture from the stump of Tavian’s right wrist. “It healed up nicely, I’d say. Finally get to take those bandages and stitches off.
Tavian looked at his stump and sighed. He was no longed in pain, however he was permanently deformed. 
There, there... A new life is just around the corner. You’re completely healed now.” she began to gather the remaining medical instruments and bandages together.
“Ahh, Tavian,” Azaria said as she pushed the cloth curtains aside. She stepped into the room carrying a black box, “fully recovered, are you?”
        “The amputation has healed entirely, and the other injuries he sustained have been treated as well.” said Verna as she stood up holding the tray of old bandages and stitches.
Azaria smiled darkly, “Finally...” Tavian had grown accustomed to Azaria’s wicked smiles. He knew she had always had some sort of ulterior motive out of everything she did, her smiling not excluded. “Nurse, you may leave now.”
Verna nodded to Azaria and stepped out through the curtains. She looked back and locked eyes with Tavian once more before she left; a silent goodbye.
Well, Tavian, congratulations on your recovery...”
Tavian stared at Azaria, “...Thanks...” he felt forced to say.
        Azaria approached him closer and sat down on a nearby chair, “From now on, you have an entirely new life ahead of you; a blank slate.”
What do you mean?” Tavian said, knowing she wasn’t going to be direct with whatever she was after.
        “You remember nothing from where you came from, you barely could speak your name, you were at death’s door, ready to leave this world.” Azaria said, as she held the black box out before her, “However,” Tavian reached forward and took the box from her. It was heavy, yet she held it so effortlessly, “you managed to survive whatever happened to you... and it was so terrible, not even you can remember...” Azaria watched Tavian’s eyes curiously gazed at the box, wondering what was within, “But... the gods chose to give you a second life... and I am your god now.” she grinned grimly at him.
Tavian looked down at the box and opened the top. He stared down into it, examining, fixated, “What... is this?”
“Your new life.”
Tavian looked down inside the black box and viewed its contents: a single black, right hand gauntlet laid out on top of some black clothing. Tavian took out the gauntlet then looked over at Azaria discontented and scoffed, “And what kind of god forgets which hand I had remaining?”
Azaria smirked and snickered, “The kind that works miracles.” she reached out and grabbed Tavian’s right forearm. 
“What are you doing?” he asked, still not certain of what was going on.
Azaria took the black gauntlet and placed it snugly around the stump, the long dark-steel cuff covering about half his forearm. She tightened the black leather straps and firmly secured the gauntlet to him.
“... A prosthetic?”
        “More than a mere prosthetic. Remember, I. Am. God.” She emphasized every word.
Tavian gave her another puzzled look.
Azaria took a dark-steel dagger out from a hilt at her side, “And now, a part of your soul shall forever remain in this gauntlet, Tavian.” she put the tip of the blade on the exposed skin between the gauntlet’s black leather straps. Tavian quickly realized what she was about to do, but before he could protest, Azaria sunk the blade a good inch into his wrist. Tavian felt the sharp blade pierce his flesh. All his limbs flinched and tightened in a reaction to the pain, including the black gauntlet.
What the-!?” Tavian exclaimed. Azaria removed the dagger from his wrist and wiped the blood off on the bed sheets, then reholstered it. Tavian grabbed his wrist with his other hand to try and stop the cruor from flowing. His gauntlet tightened into a fist and relaxed, him getting used to controlling this new hand.
        “The metal is now your flesh, bending to your will until your blood corses no more... and as for this wound...” Azaria tightly grabbed Tavian’s wrist where he was cut, she went silent but looked as though she was concentrating. Suddenly, blood began to trickle from her own wrist like stigmata. She let go of Tavian’s wrist, revealing that his wound was gone. She then lay back in a trance, eyes wide open aglow red. Her arm went limp and fell down to her side, her blood began to flow back into her wound and disappeared, leaving a small scar. The glow in her eyes faded and she seemed to snap back to her senses. Azaria then stood up as if nothing had happened, “... Your training begins at dawn tomorrow.” she then stood from her seat and left the room leaving Tavian in shock and awe.


        This woman... Azaria, the General of the Shadow Knights... how could she have such power? Was she going to train Tavian to be able to work this magick as well? Many thoughts raced through his mind, all of them filled with uncertainty. He had no idea what would unfold and further change his life forever.


“It’s so strange,” Tavian said, looking back over to Mirnada, “I haven’t thought of any of that in such a long time, yet I can remember that to the very last detail...”  He looked up at the aurora had fading away with dawn’s light. The rising morning sun shimmered the clouds like polished silver. Once again, it was the land of pure white.
        “What else happened? What was your training like?” Mirnada asked in her insatiable curiosity.
        “That,” Tavian said as he stood up and tossed his blanked at Mirnada, “Is a story for another time.” he ran to the edge of the roof and jumped off into the soft snow below.
Heh, just as well...” she took the blanket and recklessly jumped off the roof as well, landing gracefully and unharmed. Tavian pushed open he creaky door and left it open as Mirnada walked in after him. 
Oakh was in the kitchen and a lovely aroma wafted through the air. She walked into the living room to see what the sounds were and was most surprised to see Tavian and Mirnada walking in, “And here I thought you both were sound asleep upstairs!” she said while snickering.
“Heh, we gazed at the Aurora until its last breath,” Tavian said, smirking.
        “You never could take your curious eyes off of it, Tavian.” she walked back into the kitchen, “Breakfast will be ready soon, why don’t you both go wake up Diame and Xavier?”
        X. Advent of Awakening


        The five of them sat down at Oakh’s large dining table eating smoked salmon, red tea and strange, hard, red colored bread. They ate the fish alright, but as for the strange bread, only Tavian and Oakh were eating it.
I apologize, but we don’t have that much variety of food here in Desye.” a smiling Oakh broke the sounds of food consumption with her simple words.
“Oh, not at all, everything is delicious!” said Diame. She tried to rip off a piece of the red bread but it was so tough she couldn’t manage it. It slipped out of her hands and into her lap napkin, she quietly placed it back on her plate.
Oakh chuckled and passed Diame a serrated and very sharp knife, “Heh, we can’t raise much livestock because it’s so cold and the only crop we can grow is konjode flowers. We can use it to bake bread, spice and preserve our fish, and weave the hemp into cloth, rope, ...” she continued on.
        Mustering all her strength, Diame was able to carve a piece of the hard bread off the loaf. Xavier and Mirnada stared at her, admiring her courage for trying the konjode bread. Tavian watched while sipping his konjode tea, anticipating something entertaining.
        Diame felt all the eyes on her and lifted up the piece of hard bread. She bit into it and it made a dull yet LOUD crunching sound. She let out a whimper as she felt like she had bitten into a rock. The piece in her mouth moistened and broke off, but the bread was unbearably spicy. Not wanting to be rude, she swallowed it. Her face began to turn the same shade of red as the bread she just ate, “some... water please,” she said in a hoarse voice.
        Everyone was holding back their chuckles, and Tavian nudged his glass of tea closer to Diame who grabbed it and drank it quickly. It had a spicy taste like the bread but not nearly as potent. Her face faded back to her regular fair complexion, except now red with blushing. She sat back relieved.
Oakh jokingly applauded her, “You really didn’t need to eat that to be polite, heh. But konjode grass is a very strong spice that keeps a fire burning within you so you don’t succumb to the cold. The villagers all consume as much of it as they can before they set out to travel.” 
Heh...” Xavier snickered, “Well speaking about traveling, we should head out to search for the tower soon. But before we go, I do think we should know what to expect.... What do you know of the tower?”
Oakh nodded, “Alright then,” she lay back in her seat and began to remember her childhood, “About a hundred or so years ago, Desye was nothing like as it was now. Our kingdom was comparable to Pefali’s magnificence.” she averted her eyes as if she were ashamed, “... And like them, we were wealthy, greedy and arrogant. We felt as though we could be placed on the same pedestal as the gods. I was about twelve years old I believe, that’s when King Desye commanded the tower to be built. When asked why, he said he wanted to offer it to the gods to thank them for their blessings to his kingdom.” 
        She shook her head, remembering terrible things, “So, the tower had begun to be built. Extravagant murals were painted on the walls, finely carved ivory and marble statues, there were eight large ones, one on each floor and one for each god. The tower was truly a sight to behold, and it continued to be built upon. King Desye was very old and the tower would take generations to complete, so unfortunately, the great king passed away and left the project to the naïve prince, King Desye II. The young king was even more arrogant than his father, and he longed to see the tower completed. He forced people to continually work on it, all day and all night. More of the kingdom’s riches were poured into the construction of the tower, more labor was provided, and not a moment went by without construction being done. The kings zeal grew as did the tower, and the laborers were paid a ridiculous amount of money. He figured, the sooner the tower was built the sooner we could all receive a huge reward from the gods.” she looked down at the floor in disgust, “How stupid he was...” she said, shaking her head.
Many people worked much harder and faster in pursuit of the riches they were promised. There were more accidents made in their haste and many, many people died from working to sheer exhaustion. But when someone died, another was hired to replace him. One after another, people died from working on the tower. Those who weren’t involved in the construction were waiting near the tower for someone to die and they could take their place. They neglected their other duties so they could be paid so much more, farmers stopped farming and people were starving, doctors stopped healing the ones injured from building the tower. Everyone wanted to work on the tower to make money, it was insane!” she closed her eyes and remembered the last chapter in her story,
        “... Finally, the tower was finished. Nearly half the population died as a result of either working or starving to death. The king arose to the top, proud of the tower and sure the gods would be pleased. Walking on top of the clouds, he knelt before the huge idol of Evaz'Sa, our Goddess of the Sun. ‘Behold, your reward ye gods!’ he said proudly. Evaz’Sa herself then descended from the sky and parted the clouds, and she stood before him, enraged. She cared not for all the statues or how lavishly decorated the tower was, all she said to King Desye II was, ‘How dare ye offer a tower overfloweth with thine own blood!’ Evaz’Sa then flew back to her place in the clouds and took a deep breath. When she exhaled, her breath froze the king solid as he stood. The winds then stirred throughout the whole northern continent, this turned Desye into the infamous wintry world it is now. It's as though Evaz'Sa was sick of the rivers of blood that flowed from the tower and the piling dead. I wonder if it was the dead's stench that got her attention in her first place. Anyway, a great eternal blizzard was cast upon the whole land, blanketing in white our blood stained land. It was thought that Desye would ne'er not see the end of the horror and gore until this day. Though the snow covered and helped the land regain some purity, it's toll was the freezing of what little crops we had left and killing many people. This was our punishment and we justly deserved it. We desperately tried to survive, but many more of our population died out. Eventually, we figured out how to live simple lives here in Desye with the few people who survived or didn’t flee. But then... the gods created a daemon. Evaz’Sa descended to the world once again and I watched in horror as she formed it out of the bones and rotting flesh of the people who had died. It was surreal; I saw a nightmare unfold right before my very eyes. The animated bones and flesh hulked together into terrible behemoth. It was put to sleep inside the tower, and Evaz'Sa declared that it was always watching our every move... If we ever went back to our wicked ways or committed any sins, the daemon would awaken and destroy us all...”
        Oakh looked up at them with terrible fear in her dead eye, “The Daemon of the Tower of the Gods... Fa’Mes the Watcher.”
Fa’Mes...?” Diame whispered to herself, “I swear, I’ve heard that name before... hm...”
Oakh continued, “The daemon is sealed within the tower... I could feel him gradually gaining strength the last several years. Each day I felt its presence looming over me greater. It’s only a short matter of time before it will break its own seal...”
Well then,” Xavier said, “we have to purge the world of this daemon immediately.”
        “Don’t be a fool. It may not be fully awake, but its strength is still quite formidable.” Oakh said, staring at Xavier.
“But, Xavier’s right.” added Tavian, “Fa’Mes may be a challenge now if we four fought it, however at the rate it’s gaining strength, it may become unstoppable even by an army.”
Oakh sighed and stared downwards, “... I’m just concerned for your safety... But I guess you’ve made up your mind.” she put her hands behind her head and unlatched her necklace. She stared at the symbol carven on the stone and then looked up, “This is Fa’Mes’s emblem. If it touches the seal, you’ll free Fa’Mes, but there’s no other way to battle the daemon unless it breaks the seal itself.” she stood up, as did the others, and she approached Tavian, “Guard this carefully...” Tavian held out his steel hand and Oakh placed the emblem inside it.
“Aye,” Tavian said with a nod. 


The four armed themselves and prepared for whatever awaited them. Westward bound, clad in thick coats, they bravely marched through the snow and against the wintry winds to search for the ancient Tower of the Gods. Oakh stood outside her house, watching them fade into the white flurry.


        Several hours had passed, the four saw something dark and foreboding through the thick veil of snow. It reached the heavens and cast down a black shadow, tainting the land of pure white. 
That must be it...!” Diame said, though she couldn’t believe her eyes.
They continued to cautiously approach it, in awe of its sheer size. Towering high above them, it reached beyond the sky and heavens. Xavier drew closer to the black shadow’s edge carefully. Reaching out his hand, he placed it within the darkness. His hand remained aglow as if in the direct sunlight; no shadow cast upon him. 
What in the world...?” he took a step forward into the shadow, remaining untouched by the dark tendrils. “The shade is black as death, yet harmless.” he continued walking towards the tower’s crumbling entrance.
Mirnada and Tavian stepped into the black shadow, and also remained unfazed. They followed Xavier towards the towering tower.
        Diame remembered her vision; freezing to death in front of this very tower. She shuddered at the thought and gathered her wits and took a step forward on to the blackened earth. The moment she entered, her body began to glow a bright white, contrasting the dark shadow surrounding her. She gasped in surprise, her companions turning around sharing her reaction. The light emanated and spread around her, cutting through the darkness with an aura of white.
Diame?!” Xavier said as he hurried back to her, “Diame, are you alright?!”
The priestess stared at herself, observing the shadow melting away; the snow purified by her light. 
How did’ja do that?!” Mirnada asked, watching the snowy white ground being restored under her feet.
“I- I didn’t do anything...!” Diame said, flustered.
Suddenly, the earth began to quake. A low, deep grumble shattered the silence.
The growl was loud and long, shaking snow from the trees and knocking the four off their balance onto their hands and knees. Finally, the tremors subsided, and again only the sound of falling snow was heard.
It seems our presence is known.” Tavian said, cautiously standing back up.
“Really, ya think?!” Mirnada snapped at him, “Wot the ‘ell is in here? An’ can we really stand a chance against it?!”
Xavier’s emerald eyes scanned around and saw no foe, and peered into the depths of darkness within the tower’s stone threshold. “Whatever awaits within...” he drew his silver blade from the oak holster, “we must slay it. I’m convinced Diame’s visions are indeed premonitions, and if the daemon truly is of this magnitude...”
Right,” Tavian interrupted, drawing his dark-steel blade as well, “We must destroy it. Its power grows ever strong, we have our one chance here and now.”
The four stepped into the darkness, Diame’s glowing aura shone brightly, revealing the faded, detailed murals and long-weathered intricate statues. At the base of the largest statue was gold plating, the etching nearly all worn away. Mirnada approached with her child-like curiosity, “Midnight Seductress, Vak’Syla...?”
The statues in the tower were offerings to the gods.” Tavian said, approaching the deity’s marble likeness, “Vak’Syla, the Goddess of Darkness. There’s one each floor for each god.” he shook his head in shame, “The ancient Desyens... truly were fools... wasting the entire kingdom’s wealth like this.”
Along the walls were a stone staircase spiraling along side it. The stairs were crumbling and unable to be climbed. The stairs leading to the basement, however, were intact. 
Hmm... Over here...” said Xavier as he walked towards the staircase, the others followed. The light surrounding Diame illuminated the dark basement, all that was below were two giant doors made of dark-steel blocked with a large metal bar. As they approached the doors, a terrible stench crept out of the wall cracks. “In here perhaps?” Xavier placed his hand against the door; it was cold as death and sent shivers up his spine. He quickly removed his hand and stepped back. He reached up to the thick metal beam barring the door. He pushed up with all his might to no avail; it was rusted to the door. Tavian stood by him and tried to lift it as well, but failed to make a single budge and they both gave up simultaneously. Xavier sighed disdainfully; Tavian kicked the door out of frustration.
        “I’ll have to focus my arcane magick into my strength,” said Tavian, “I should be able to break the bar off then.” he closed his eyes and began to concentrate and boil up his anger to fuel his might.
        “Hm...” Mirnada pushed herself past Tavian and stared at the metal bar.
        “What are you doing Mirnada?” Xavier inquired while Tavian glared at her.
She extended her hand and felt the cold bar. 
Girl, you’ve been a burden ever since you started tagging along.” Tavian said, scornfully, “You’re inept yet you dare cast me aside?”
        “Master... you put your faith in me...” she muttered, “I’ll put mine in you.” she took a deep breath and raised her open hand over the middle of the bar. With a quick yell, she struck downwards, her hand instantly engulfed in a red flame. The metal bar’s center became red hot and split in half as her hand swiftly moved through it. 
Mirnada knelt down to catch her breath. She stared at the door in disbelief, then she snickered to herself. “... Heh...” she stared at her hand, the flames surrounding it faded away. 
The others were surprised as well, Xavier looked over to Tavian, “Where did you find this girl?”
        Tavian felt silent, then moved towards the door. He pulled on one of the bars attached to the door. The door was heavy, Xavier came beside him and pulled as well. With a loud, rusty creak, the door opened and the pungent odor of death filled the air.
The glow from Diame’s aura lit past the door, revealing a stone staircase leading deeper underground into the dark depths. Xavier peered inside, covering his nose with the thick fur coat. 
Wot is that awful smell?” Mirnada said, standing to her feet and peering in as well.
“Rotten flesh...” Tavian said with disgust. It was a stench he was well familiar with from his time spent on the battlefield. “This is where the bodies of the workers were stored.”
Diame approached the staircase, “It’s down here... I can feel the daemon’s presence.” a sudden chill ran up her spine, she gasped and fell to her knees. Her eyes wide open, she looked around. Her three companion’s bodies lay around her, covered in blood and limbs ripped apart. She stared at her own body, wounds began to open and cruor flowed out, she let out a piercing scream.
Diame!” Xavier shouted, shaking her, “What’s the matter? What happened?!”
Diame’s hands were shaking, her speech stuttered, “W-what was...” she stood to her feet with Xavier’s aid, “I saw something... It didn’t feel like a premonition, it felt more like an image forced into my mind... the three of you were dead and gore was strewn about...”
It’s toying with us.” Tavian muttered, “Fa’Mes is trying to deter you from your path. Don’t let fear grip you; it’s only an illusion.”
Diame nodded, “Aye...” she stopped leaning onto Xavier, “I’m alright.”
Xavier nodded to Diame, then cautiously began descending the stairs, sword drawn and ready in a battle stance.
        Tavian followed him, his dark-steel blade brandished as well.
Diame and Mirnada descended behind them. The four crept down the stairs carefully. They finally reached the bottom, the staircase led into a wide open room. Countless bones and fleshy, decomposing bodies piled high lined the walls. The sight and odor was unbearable. A pathway was cleared leading straight ahead, the four traveled down the path, disturbed by their sickening surroundings. They saw a large crevasse up ahead, covered by a layer of what appeared to be glowing, blue glass. It was etched in intricate designs and the glass’s effulgence ebbed making a low humming sound with every pulse. 
“What in the world...?” Diame said as she approached the chasm. She peered into it, seeing only darkness.
        “Hm?” Tavian saw a light coming from his coat pocket. He reached inside and took out the Emblem that Oakh gave him, holding it by its chain. It was aglow with a blue light and it moved like something was tugging it towards the glass over the chasm. “The emblem... its reacting. This must be the seal!” Suddenly the chain was pulled taut, and the emblem pointed directly to the glass. A ray of sapphire light shot out of the emblem and absorbed into the glass. 
        “Whoa, wot was tha’?” Exclaimed Mirnada.
The necklace, with its power now gone, dangled down from its chain. Tavian grabbed the emblem with his steel hand, and it crumbled into sand. “Ah! It’s gone?”
        The ebbing light from the glass glowed brighter than ever, and then a thin crack started to form across it. The crack started to branch out until the glass looked like a spider web. Then, the barrier slowly melted and bulged into the hole, suddenly shattering into countless fragments. The four peered over the edge, watching the shards drift down into the endless abyss. There was a dead silence except for the sounds of chiming glass. The four looked around them; it appeared that the room was shrinking. 
Those piles of bodies... are they moving closer?!” Diame said as they panicked.
A terrible sound echoed out of the chasm; the emanation of countless voices screaming in a haunting cadence. The ground began to quake with a violent fury. Large chunks of the stone ceiling began to crumble and fall around them. The countless bones and bodies writhed and squirmed towards the pit. The flesh began to melt and then congealed around bones... a silhouette of a terrifying beast took form.
What in gods’ name?!” Xavier exclaimed, dodging past a pile of rotten flesh flowing by him. The tower began to shake with an even greater intensity, nearly knocking them off balance. 
“We must flee! Now!” Tavian shouted, “The tower will collapse at any moment!” 
Xavier and Tavian sheathed their weapons, then the four turned away from the pit and ran with fervent urgency. Jumping over the bodies blocking the way and dodging the falling debris, they hurried to the staircase. Another terrible howl was heard from the pit. 
        Diame turned her head back and gazed in horror. The body of a daemon wrought of decaying flesh and twisted bones hovered over the pit, ever growing in mass. She screamed in horror and averted her eyes from the grotesque monster. Up the stairs they ran, avoiding the falling rubble. 
        They made it through the open double metal doors. Xavier stopped and looked back to ensure the others’ safety up the stairs. He motioned towards the second flight of stairs back to the first floor and the exit, “This way! Hurry!” He yelled. The four raced up the stairs. Mirnada was first up them, followed by Tavian. Xavier waited for Diame to safely begin ascending the stairs before he followed. A sudden shockwave unbalanced the four once again. A large stone loosed from above and fell towards the stairs below, directly above Diame. She looked up, daunted, and froze in fear.
“Diame! Move!” Xavier shouted, charging towards her. He tackled her just as the giant stone fell, narrowly avoiding being crushed as well. The rock crumbled as it landed and collapsed the staircase below them. The two escaped death with nary of a breadth of a single moment.
        “Xavier! Diame!” Tavian shouted as he and Mirnada ran back to them through the billows of dust.
Xavier quickly composed himself and got to his feet, crouching and about to help up Diame. “Are you harmed?” 
Diame tried to stand then screamed in pain, “Ah...! M-my leg...” the dust began to clear and Xavier saw Diame’s leg crushed under large chunks of rock and bloody rubble. 
“Oh god!” Mirnada exclaimed, nearly in tears by the sight of her fallen friend.
Tears streamed down Diame’s pale face; the pain was unbearable. Xavier frantically began lifting up the pieces of rubble off her leg and chucked them aside. The large slab of stone he tried to lift, but it was too heavy to budge. Tavian quickly came to his aid and they began to push it up with all the strength they could muster. It was so massive, they could only lift it barely a width of a hair. “AH! Stop! Please!” Diame yelled, then let out another scream of pain. Their muscles continued to strain with fierce determination, they had to save her.
        Mirnada began to shake. The sight of blood always unnerved her, and now to see it bleeding from a friend was nearly unbearable. The urgency of all this, if they all didn’t leave immediately, they would all die. She watched Xavier and Tavian trying as hard as they can to save her, risking their own lives. She stood there, her skin pale white, helpless. She remembered the comforting voice of her master. “You can do it, Mirnada. Trust me. Trust yourself.” She found new resolve and shook off her fear. Mirnada marched to the rock slab between Xavier and Tavian. She pulled back her fist, took a deep breath, and let out a yell. Her fist engulfed in red flames once more, she sent the rock flying, shattering it to mere molten pebbles. 
        The others had no time for awe. Diame’s leg was now uncovered, revealing her half protruding tibia. Any treatment was impossible here, especially with imminent death looming seconds away. Tavian interlocked his arms with Diame’s, carrying her with their backs together. A terrible, booming collapsing sound from high above was heard, followed by another, and another. The floors were collapsing, one by one on top of each other in a chain reaction.
“We must leave! Now! Not another moment to spare!” Tavian shouted as he leapt up the stairs carrying Diame. Xavier and Mirnada quickly followed. They made it back to the first floor. They ran to the bright sunlight pouring in from the exit. The ceiling from the second floor collapsed onto the ceiling which began to cave in just above them. Tavian and Diame made it out into the fresh, cold air in the clouded sunlight. Xavier made it out safely, Mirnada was a few feet away from the door with thousands of tons of stone inches above her head. She ducked and kicked off the ground, leaping out from the entrance into the daylight. A loud crash of stone echoed throughout the mountains, followed by a final couple more crashes as the basement and sub basement caved in. All that was left of the tower was the outer walls about to crumble themselves.
The four had no time to catch their breath. The tower could easily fall over and crush them still. They raced through the snow, the wind at their backs. The earth trembled, the four kept running but looked back. A gigantic set of claws shot up out of the ground and side of the tower, sending a flurry of earth, rock and snow into the air. The claw was black and green, oozing with dark blood and nails made of fused, sharpened bone. The claw sank into the ground and the daemon began to dig itself out of the earth. The side of the tower gone, it began to lean over and crumble apart in mid air, stirring the clouds.
        A chasm ripped apart in the earth, another arm reached up and they lifted the whole body out of the earth. The daemon Fa’Mes arose from the ground, standing in front of the tower as it collapsed behind him. The grotesque creature was made of the rotting flesh and decaying bones of the countless bodies fused together into a single living, breathing monstrosity. 
        It had two long, thin arms made of the dark-green, rotting flesh with oversized claws as hands made of bone. Its abdomen was a spine and bare ribs. The ribs were connected together with a thin lair of blood red flesh, pulsating underneath it in the center of the chest was a black, fleshy heart. The spine had bits of flesh hanging off of it. The legs were thin like the arms and had flat, claw-like feet. The head of the beast had three mouths, one in the bottom center, and the other two just above it, one on the left and one on the right. They all were lined with rows of razor sharp, curved, white, pointed teeth. It had one very wide, oval eye in the center. It was white and blood shot with blue veins with no iris, only a single, diamond shaped, black pupil. It stood about three stories tall of the tower, if the tower were still standing. Its three mouths opened and the flesh on its neck began the writhe. It unleashed three simultaneous low bellows. The sound carried on throughout the land. Fa’Mes let it be known that he lives. Its eye scoured the world before him. It saw the four fleeing from and an uncontrollable rage filled it. It began to run towards them, walking along the path of Diame’s blood.
“It’s coming!” Diame shouted watching it follow them.
Xavier stopped and faced it, drew his blade and moved into his fighting stance, “Get Diame out of here!” He shouted, “I will stay Fa’Mes as long I can!”
        Tavian and Mirnada stopped and faced him.
“Not alone you won’t.” Tavian motioned his head to Mirnada, “Take Diame and get out of here.” Mirnada nodded. 
Tavian stood upright and Diame rested on her uninjured leg while Mirnada went under her arm and helped her walk. Mirnada helped Diame hop away. Tavian and Xavier stood side by side, blades drawn, the terrible daemon charging towards them with bloodlust in its eye.
“How the hell are we supposed to defeat this thing, let alone hold it off?!” Tavian yelled.
        “I’ve no idea, but we’d best figure it out quickly!” Xavier retorted.
They both charged towards Fa’Mes, closing the distance. Xavier held out his blade and focused into his magick. Tendrils of white and blue lightning wrapped around his blade. Tavian concentrated his mind into a rage, His eyes quickly became aglow the accursed blood red from the urgency of the moment. Xavier swung his blade, bolts of lightning shot out from the blade, striking the beast at a distance. 
        Fa’Mes continued his approach, unassailed by the attack. It was close enough and it swung at Xavier with its gigantic claw. Xavier jumped back and dodged the blow. The claw landed in the snow, sending plumes of powder up into the air. Tavian was filled with the vehement rage and arcane magick, adding to his strength. He lunged his dark-steel claymore at Fa’Mes’s claw in the ground. The blade embedded into the daemon’s flesh and he pulled it through to split its clawed hand in half, spilling black blood all over the white, snowy earth. Fa’Mes lifted its wounded hand up and slung blood about. It let out another scornful, hideous roar. It darted its head forth towards Tavian, its mouths wide open. Tavian held up his blade and faced the broadside to his foe. He Held the hilt with his hand and grabbed near the end with his steel hand. The daemon’s head drew closer, mouth gaped wide to shred Tavian apart. Tavian held his blade with all his might against Fa’Mes’s sharp teeth to stay its deadly bite. 


        Diame hobbled away from the battle with the aid of Mirnada. They put a fair amount of safe distance between them and the daemon, but for only as long as Xavier and Tavian could stay the beast. 
        Limping along, Diame could bear the excruciating pain no longer, “Oh, stop! ... I cannot go... any further...!” she said while gasping. Diame let out a yelp of pain. 
        Mirnada laid Diame down in the snow, looking back at the trail of blood behind them. She looked at Diame, her face was even paler than the snow. Diame began to shake uncontrollably, losing so much blood. The broken bone still protruded from her leg, the red still flowing ever contrasting the surrounding white.         “Diame?! Can you speak?!” Mirnada said in a panic.
Diame lay with her copper hair laid out in the snow, her crimson blood flowing endlessly. She began to gasp for air, her eyes wide open, glazed, the life in them fast fading. 
“... Please... say somethin’!” Mirnada screamed, hopelessly. “I can’t... I can’t let yeh die... please... hold on...” she was met with only silence. She looked into the distance and saw Xavier and Tavian, exhausted, yet fighting the monstrosity with steadfast resolve to protect herself and Diame. Her mind felt like it was on fire, tears streamed down her face, freezing as they met her cheeks. “I... wot can I do...?” she muttered, then hung her head covering her face with her hands, “Master... 'elp me.” she took a deep breath, and cleared her mind, “If I 'ave Jorgard magick... please will this to work.” she moved her hands and pushed down on the bone, forcing it back into place. As her hands met the bone, they were aflame in violet light. As she pushed, the bone mended and the blood stopped its flow. The torn flesh healed and the skin reformed. The violet light flowed from her leg and began to encompass her whole body. The color in her already fair skin was restored and her shivering quelled. 
Mirnada remembered the familiar violet light as it once healed her. She still didn’t understand this gift she had, or even how she used it. She looked at her hands in disbelief as the violet flames faded away.
        Diame began to breathe normally, and their eyes met, “... Mirnada?”
        Mirnada, relieved, collapsed onto Diame and began to sob, “Yer alright... yer alright...”
        Diame began to sit up, “My wound...? What happened?”
Mirnada sat up as well, then helped Diame to her feet, “I’ll tell ya later, can ya stand?”
        Diame stood on both feet, barely, “Aye... my leg still hurts, but I can walk.” they looked back at Tavian and Xavier fighting the daemon, “Oh god... How are they keeping Fa’Mes at bay?”
They’re doin’ it to protect ya...” Mirnada said, turning towards her, “An’ me too.”
Diame watched the battle in the distance, “We must aid them...”
        Mirnada shook her head, “No, Diame, not when yer still hurt. Get back t’ Desye, warn Oakh... I’ll help ‘em.”
“But I-“
        “Go! You c’n walk, I’ll help ‘em! Jus’ do it!”
        “Aye...” Diame said reluctantly. She began to limp through the snow, eastward bound.
Mirnada quickly ran back to join the battle. 


        Xavier charged magick into his sword again and swung it fervently several times, firing bolts of lightning at Fa’Mes that exploded in a small plume of white fire with every strike. The daemon turned toward him and bellowed, Tavian ran up to the distracted Fa’Mes and stood under its ribcage. He looked up and saw the black heart, beating and writhing unnaturally. He leapt up into the air, sword arched, and cleaved his blade through the dark flesh mass. It cut open, spilling out its vile blood. Tavian landed behind the daemon as it let out another ear splitting scream.
        Fa’Mes stepped to the side and took a moment to recover its balance from the devastating attack. It turned to face both Tavian and Xavier, and glowered scornfully at them. It raised its head and looked through the snow for an easier prey, it saw Diame in the distance and Mirnada approaching closer. Xavier looked back, and saw Diame walking uninjured. He paused in confusion for a moment, and Fa’Mes raised his arm and swiped at Xavier. He looked back only to see the claw strike him, flinging him aside. He landed on his back and slid though the snow a distance away, his sword landing in the ground nearby.
        Tavian wasn’t daunted seeing the daemon incapacitate his comrade. It only increased his hatred for this detestable creature, ergo increasing his strength. He reached out his hand as if to grab something. The blood pouring from Fa’Mes’s heart began to flow toward Tavian. He held out his claymore, and the daemon’s blood surrounded his blade. It began to form serrated spikes along the edges and then froze in place. Fa’Mes let out another terrible roar from its three mouths. It gazed at Tavian with its one eye with nothing but scorn. 
        Fa’Mes suddenly leapt forward with an arm outstretched, claws poised at Tavian. Tavian stood readily and grinned with bloodlust. He jumped into the air just as the claw dug into the ground. He landed on top of its hand and deeply embedded his sword into Fa’Mes’s arm. He twisted the blade and some of the frozen spikes of blood broke off into the wound. Fa’Mes tried lifting his arm but it was immobilized. Tavian pulled his blade out and sliced through the undead flesh. The daemon reached his other claw to Tavian to pull him off, but Tavian evaded and landed back on the snowy ground. Fa'Mes’s arm was hanging halfway by a thin mass of flesh. It’s claw grabbed the useless limb and tore it off, tossing it at Tavian. He swung his sword and deflected the claw. 


        Mirnada ran up to Xavier as he lay dazed in the snow. She lifted him up and tried to snap him out of it, “Xavier? Are ya alright?”
        Xavier looked around him and grunted, “Aye...” He stood to his feet with Mirnada’s help, “Where’s Diame? Was she walking or have I gone mad?”
        Mirnada shook her head, “Nah, she’s fine, trust me. We gotta ‘elp Tavian though.”
        Xavier nodded and picked up his sword in the snow and they ran to Tavian’s side.
        Fa’Mes took a step back and took a moment to scrutinize the three unfamiliar creatures before it. The daemon had underestimated them. The strength they had to protect Diame truly was formidable, and finally, the daemon recognized it.
“What ails you, daemon?!” Tavian taunted.
Fa’Mes opened its three mouths and out poured a dark blue flame that flowed like plumes of mist across the snow. The three tried to jump out of the way, but it quickly engulfed Tavian and Xavier. Mirnada was able to escape the blue flames and watched in horror. Tavian and Xavier fell to their knees and writhed in excruciating pain. They weren’t burned by this cold fire, but they felt the paralyzing pain of countless deaths.
        Mirnada could only watch helplessly as they screamed in agony. The flames dissipated and they lay on the ground, silently, unable to move. Fa’Mes approached Mirnada as she cowered in the snow. She could only shake in fear as Fa’Mes loomed over her and let out another bellow. Its one eye gazed over her then it saw Diame limping in the distance. 


        Diame looked back and saw her fallen comrades and Fa’Mes’s one eye seething her in the distance. She began to breathe heavily in fear, and limped her injured body as fast as she could away from the daemon. Fa’Mes began to run crouched like a beast using its one arm like a third leg. Each kick off it made as it ran sent tremors throughout the ground. Diame desperately strained herself to hold the distance between them, but Fa’Mes quickly closed the gap. A tremor from the colossus knocked Diame over onto her back. She tried to stand up again but the quaking was too intense. Fa'Mes stood over her, its mouths open, ready to devour her. She could only raise a quivering arm in her defense.
“Oh god...” Diame could only utter. Tears steamed down her face. She was helpless. Her body suddenly began to glow the same pure white aura as before. Fa’Mes raised its head and then lunged it forward, its mouths wide open. The white wisps of her aura floated above her and concentrated into a bright sphere of candescent white. Time seemed to stand still as Diame looked above her and merely stared up on it. Though moments before her certain death, all seemed to be forgotten. She gazed with innocent curiosity at the immaculate light. It suddenly shot forth into a pillar of illumination straight through Fa’Mes’s chest, burning a large hole and reducing his heart to burnt cinders. The beam of light then bent upwards and vanished into the sky.
Fa'Mes fell backwards and bellowed a terrible howl. He collapsed onto its back with such force the earth shook as if being torn asunder. Diame was disoriented yet cautiously got to her feet. Fa’Mes repeatedly let out pitiful roars as it flailed its limbs. Diame stared at the daemon as it desperately clung to life. She dared not approach it. A low, rumbling sound boomed from the heavens. Diame raised her head and gasped in shock. She ran away from Fa’Mes as fast as she could as countless beams of light rained from above. Each beam was poised towards the daemon and all crashed to the ground making a devastating explosion, incinerating Fa’Mes body into obliteration. The barrage of light continued to fall behind Diame as she ran following the trail of blood back to the others. 
        
        Mirnada was watching the light raining and trembling with every explosion that shook the ground. Xavier and Tavian seemed to have shaken off the flames’ curse that was torturing them and watched in awe of the surreal sight. At last, the final beam of light crashed into the ground where only a flurry of snow and ashes remained.
“What in the world?!” Xavier said, as he stood to his feet. He scoured the snow around him, and his charge was nowhere. “Diame!?” he saw the plumes of ash and snow and thought the worst had befallen her. He ran towards it in a panic, scanning through the haze for Diame. Suddenly the ash and snow shone with blindingly bright, vibrant blue effulgence. He took a step back in caution and bewilderment. Then, the shadow of Diame’s silhouette approached him through the haze. “Diame!” Xavier shouted, running over to her as she became visible outside of the fog. With her last strength she mustered to let out a whimper, and then collapsed into Xavier’s arms. He held her tightly; safely. 
The light grew brighter and a sudden squall rushed through the snowy field. Xavier held Diame as he tried to hold his footing against the snowy torrent. The blue light concentrated into a single glowing orb. The light floated up into the sky as if carried by the strong winds. The clouds parted in the sky above them; blown apart by the gale. 
The clouds dissipated and the force of the wind stopped. They gazed upwards in disbelief at the clear blue sky, swathed in the sun’s warm rays. The silence was tranquil yet terrifying. Mirnada and Tavian couldn’t take their eyes off the blue, glowing mass of light ascending to the heavens. Xavier watched the light as he held a shaking Diame fast in his arms. It rose beyond the sky until it became no more than a speck of light. A new blue star now in its sky throne; a mere glint in the daylight.
        XI. The Arcane Axiom


        Diame lay unconscious on the couch in Oakh’s living room. Covered in blankets and basking in the warm firelight, yet her skin was pale and cold as ice. She breathed very deeply and she sweat as though she had a deathly fever. She let out whimpers in her sleep and mumbled nonsense. Oakh dutifully sat on a chair by her side with a damp cloth and wiped off the cascading sweat.
“Poor dear...” Oakh said as she dipped the cloth into a nearby bowl of warm water. She rang it out and put it back on Diame’s forehead. Oakh then clasped Diame’s corpselike hand with her own. With her other hand she hovered it over Diame’s face, and took a deep breath. Oakh moved her lips but made barely a whisper. A silent prayer she made earnestly.
“Ya need any more ‘elp?” Mirnada said as she brought out a hot kettle of freshly brewed konjode tea and set it down on the nearby table.
Oakh stayed silent as she continued her prayer. She opened her earth and snow eyes and turned to Mirnada. “Nay, dear child. But, pray stay nigh.”
“Aye, alright.” Mirnada said with a nod. She sat down on the wooden floor next to Oakh. She could only watch Diame as Oakh nursed her. She noticed the eerie ambience in the room. The only sounds were of the low growls of the flames and Diame’s slow, heavy breathing. The whispers of the prayer Oakh was making... the words she uttered were almost unworldly, and only added to the heavy mood. The occasional crackling of the logs broke the macabre atmosphere. 
Oakh finished her prayer and took a deep breath, once again opening her odd eyes. She watched Diame laying there at the brink of death and felt her heart in a vice. “A lass so young... forced such a cruel fate...” Oakh muttered to herself. “I entreat you...” she said in a very serious voice.
        Mirnada looked up, losing her fixation on the awkward environment, “Hm?” she turned to Oakh who quietly stared at Diame.
        Oakh took a deep breath, “... What wickedness fell up on her...” she said as she turned towards Mirnada. Oakh had a calm and solemn expression, but the reflection of fire in her white eye chilled Mirnada. “What happened...”
        Mirnada saw the deep concern Oakh expressed. She composed herself, “’er leg was crushed...” Mirnada remembered the horror of that sight, “an' all that white snow was stained red with 'er blood...”
Oakh looked down at Diame with a confused look, “What say you...?” she knew her leg bore no sign of injury. 
My master... he taught me magick.” She said gazing down at her hands. “’er leg’s wound’s closed... ‘n the bone’s nearly ‘ealed.”
“I see...” Oakh poured herself a cup of the hot, deep red tea and paused as she tried to articulate all at once, “... Hm... Marshall was your master, was he?”
        “Aye.” Mirnada nodded. “I’m still becomin’ akin t’ this new strength, bu’ I got ‘er back from bein’ whiter ‘an a ghost.” Mirnada paused, remembering the moment Diame’s life dwindled, “She... she almos’ died... an’ I don’ even know ‘ow I saved ‘er...”
“Child, have you ever heard the word aethermancy?” Oakh said, sipping her spicy hot tea.
        “Aye, Marshall did a few times durin' my trainin'. Didn't really explain wot it was b'sides it means I could use magick.” Mirnada said, staring over at Diame's healed leg, “An' iuno 'ow to use it really, or even wot I can do with it.” She paused and thought about her physical strength and celerity prowess, then continued, “'e was trainin' me how t' fight. 'e even said I could already use magick... and through 'is trainin'...” she remembered her long years of training, the boulders she could break with her bare fist, and that fire within her she now burned with. That power of healing she had and never knew. The jump and how she flew through the air to escape from being crushed in the tower. “'e said this was all Jorgard magick.”
        “The Forbidden Lands?” both Oakh's eyes widened. Her brown, earth colored eye cast a look of fear, while her cataract eye gazed emotionless and reflected naught but the light of the fire in it's dead pupil. “I knew... I knew it. Your eyes, and you're Marshall's apprentice...” she leaned back and closed her own eyes, “To think I would ever meet not one but two people in this lifetime from there.”
Mirnada was taken aback. Marshall never did tell her about Jorgard, but she knew that just from being there made her stand out in many ways, from her appearance to her magick.
“Unh...” Diame muttered, and her breathing seemed less labored. 
Oakh and Mirnada both turned their attention back to Diame as her eyes opened slowly. They leaned in over her and Diame saw the two's faces looking over her with cautious relief.
“Thank God...” Oakh said as she sat back and exhaled her bated breath.
Diame looked around, dazed. “Oh...” her mind began regaining consciousness. Memories of what just transpired flooded into her mind. The tower collapsing on her, the grotesque daemon chastised in brilliant light. She felt the warmth of the fire and the nursing care of Mirnada and Oakh and knew she was safe. “Madame Oakh... Mirnada...” she slowly strained to sit up with all her strength.
“C-careful, dear...” Oakh helped Diame sit upright on the couch. 
Diame was dizzy still, but she sat and looked down at her once broken leg in disbelief. She remembered the sensation of that excruciation, now nothing more than phantom pain. “My leg...” she leaned down and clasped hands on her limb where her bone once protruded. She felt her smooth healed skin, the firmness of her shin... it was sore, but the bone had been completely mended. The only conclusion she muttered, “Was it all a dream?” she said staring up at Mirnada.
        Mirnada shook her head and said nothing. She helped Diame sit back up.
“It may not be the right time... but I must know...” Oakh leaned forward on the edge of her seat, “What befell all ye once Fa’Mes awoke?”
Mirnada had the vivid memories, freshly burned into her mind. “Th’ pendant ya gave Tavian... The daemon’s Emblem broke th’ seal. All th’ corpses in the basement melded as one, that’s ‘ow he appeared.” Oakh blinked in disbelief for a moment, then shuddered for she knew Mirnada spoke the truth. Diame slowly remembered as Mirnada continued. “Th' tower collapsed... Fa'Mes arose from th' ground... Tavian 'n Xavier stayed it...” Oakh listened, overwhelmed by what she was hearing, “Th'n, Diame fell... an'...” Mirnada began to shake and looked at her hands, “I... I 'ealed 'er wound... an' iuno how... but, Diame came back... an' she...” Mirnada looked over to Diame, “an'... she made beams o' light rain fr'm th' sky... an' poof... there lay Fa'Mes slain.”
Diame gasped and her eyes widened, she looked up at Oakh whose mouth was wide agape in awe.
“I-I saw that light!” Oakh said, “T-truly, Diame? Ye summoned that holy cascade and that is what vanquished Fa'Mes?”
Diame remembered that moment. Gazing up at that monstrosity with it's hideous maws and heinous claws. A tear welled in her eye, she remembered the feeling of certainty she was going to die. “... Aye... There was a stilled moment... whence the daemon loomed up on me... it was as though time ceased its flow.” Diame raised her arm over her head, remembering her last desperate moment, “I didn't want to die, but that was all I could do... and I uttered one last prayer to God...” her arm lowered and she covered her face with it, wiping away her tears. 
“... and She listened.” Oakh continued.
Diame knew this to be true. She sat quietly, unable to move with the weight of gratitude on her shoulders. 
“Dear, dear child...” Oakh comforted Diame, and smiled at her, “God herself... She heard your prayer and in Her infinite mercy, Her light became your shield.” Oakh was met with blank stares by both Mirnada and Diame, “This was an act of God, who answered your prayer when you called out, Priestess Diame.”
Diame sat still, saying nothing.
        Oakh knew she was overwhelming her with these great new truths. She tried to think of words of comfort, but none came to her. Before she could say anything else, footsteps descending from upstairs were heard. Down came Xavier and Tavian, their first sight is seeing Diame sitting upright and well again. 
Xavier rushed over to her, relieved, “Diame, you're well!” he said as he stood by her. She simply nodded.
        Tavian stayed standing at the base of the stairs and quietly watched. He folded his arms and then leaned against the wall, seeming to be lost in his own thoughts.
        Mirnada's attention diverted as she looked up at the lone shadow knight, “Obviously, Tavian is jus' as overjoyed.”
Tavian scoffed with a smirk, “Deftly, I am athrill with glee...” he said with an almost sarcastic tone, “... for our mission is completed.” he paused and eyed the Paladin, “Right, Xavier?”
Xavier remembered himself and his duty. He scanned the eyes of Diame, Mirnada and Oakh, then stood and looked back over to Tavian. “Aye, indeed it is.”  
It is near dusk now... we depart to Ijia tomorrow morning.” Tavian said, uncrossing his arms, then turning to go back upstairs.
        “Hold... I have words for your ears only.” Oakh said, standing up with all her might against her stiff bones.
        Tavian looked back at the old lady over his shoulder, “Is that so?” he asked with calm curiosity as he turned back around.
Oakh grabbed her staff leaning against her chair and stood to her feet. She then nodded to Xavier and Mirnada, “We shall return shortly, keep an eye on Diame, will you?” They nodded back.


        As the daylight waned whilst the sun set, the clear skies of Desye revealed the fast approaching dusk.  The once overcast land of eternal snow now bereft of all clouds, and the long forgotten sunset at last could once again paint the sky canvas. The western horizon was awash with gold and red which faded into violet. It contrasted the night's starlit eastern sky, illuminated by the light of a rising amber crescent moon. Directly above in the heavens, there was the single blue glint of light of the newly born star, casting down its indigo candescence.
        The door of Oakh's log cottage opens over the snowy earth. Out she steps her frail body holding onto her walking staff. Tavian exits as well, following her and shuts the door behind him. Without saying a word, Oakh begins walking off on her own through the snow. Tavian catches up and begins walking alongside with her, waiting for her to say something. Her eyes were focused forward, passing by the other few cabins of Desye, treading through the white snow towards the setting sun.
        “If you merely wanted to take a stroll, you could have just easily said so.” Tavian broke the silence with.
        Oakh scoffed, “Hmph... if only...” she paused and took a deep breath, her mind heavy with deep memories at last resurfaced. “Tavian...” she paused and shook her head in frustration, “Is that your name?”
        Tavian was almost offended, but knew she had deeper meaning to her words. Still, his patience dwindled, “Did you mean to discuss something? Or are you wont of a failing memory?”
        “Oh, fuck you.” Oakh snapped back, frustrated, “I mean to convey something of great importance...” her anger escaped her, and she was once again wistful, “... But...”
        Tavian stood still in the snow, “Then you tell me now.”
Oakh slowed her steps to a halt as well, the two of them standing just outside the village. She stood holding her staff, and her staff began to shake as she mustered the strength to speak.
        Tavian stood unwavering, watching her. He knew he was intimidating her, but that was not his will. He knew that this old hag knew something about his past. “Out with it. My ears hunger for the sound of these silent words.”
        Oakh stared off into the crimson sunset in distance, then over her shoulder to Tavian standing with the moon rising over his shoulders. “There was a boy in this village... named Tavian.” she paused then beckoned to him, then kept walking, Tavian following once more. Oakh continued as they trod through the snow, “There was another boy in this village, named Faris.” they kept walking, the village a distance away from them now, “These children... perished... six years ago.”
        Tavian listened carefully, not sure how to take her words, “... And you say this as I stand before you?”
        Oakh shook her head as she recalled the painful details of the event, “I... remember that terrible day. It was what the village wanted to forget about, but I kept it written down... I never wanted to forget... though I don't think I could even if I tried.” she paused her speech, but kept walking with Tavian by her side, eager to hear her story, “I found an old entry in my diary... I wrote every detail...” she looked over and gazed at Tavian, this dark man with the daemon's eyes, “When I first saw you... when I first heard your name... I surely thought I had gone mad.” she looked onward once more, closing in on a lone, large snow frosted pine tree in the middle of the white field. 
        “Gone mad, because you had thought I was dead all along?” Tavian asked.
        Oakh fell silent as they approached the tree. Underneath the snowy boughs of this old pine tree lay a few mounds of snow. They stood before them, Oakh motioned Tavian towards the small snow piles. “Nay... not because I thought you were dead. What I felt was something that I knew could not be true.” 
        Tavian was even more unsure what Oakh was talking about, or why he was even brought here. But, obviously this tree was more than what met the eye. The mounds of snow beneath it, he leaned in and reached out with his hand into the snow. There he felt a cold slab of stone underneath. He wiped his hands across it, pushing off the years of fallen snow. There before his eyes lay a grave with the name Tavian Drakon carved near illegibly onto it. His year of death was dated six years past.
“I thought I had gone mad because... you are dead.” Oakh said as she stood there, motionless.
Tavian gazed down upon the gravestone bearing his own name. There was naught but silence as his thoughts raced through his mind. There was no explanation, he stood before where his body lay dead and buried. He said nothing.
        Oakh stood over Tavian as he knelt before the headstone. She leaned against her staff more as she mustered the strength to begin her tale, “There was a fire.” she said in a hoarse voice.
Tavian's eyes widened... his dream... the fire, the smoke, the pain, he remembered the accursed nightmare he had whenever he slept. Oakh extended her hand before the second mound of snow and flicked her wrist. A gust of wind kicked the snow off into a plume and cast aside, revealing a second headstone. Tavian read the name Faris Bellemoore, his death the same day as Tavian's.
Oakh saw the truth beginning to unravel in this man's mind as she continued, “A house caught flame six years ago. It was the Drakon house... At the time of the fire, only the two boys were inside.” she gazed down at the ground, remembering when the teen's casket was lowered six feet under, “A charred body was found inside the remnants of the home... this is where he was buried.” she shuddered remembering that dreadful sight, “The face was burnt off and twisted, unrecognizable by anyone in the village... however... Faris wore a metal lace necklace with a tiny bone pendant. That was the only way to recognize the body as his.”
        Tavian stood to his feet and crossed his arms pensively. So many years of his life had laid shrouded in darkness, now for his first glimpse of these long forgotten truths. What was soon to be known of his past chilled his heart, but not even this could cower his resolve. “How did the fire start? What else do you hide?”
“You tell me first, what do you remember of this day?” she had longed for answers as well. “Surely... you know something... anything.”
        “The fire...” Tavian now found a meaning for these painful memories, “A nightmare that pervades any restful slumber with it's vile torments. I relive the horror vividly as if I can feel my flesh smolder once more.”
        “Envision it in your mind's eye, what do you see?” Oakh asked, eagerly.
Tavian felt the heat, he could smell the smoke and charred flesh. He could see flames in his outstretched former right hand. A burning corpse lie at his feet, the mouth wide open as if in agony. He gasped as this image froze inside his mind. Fire aethermancy, the burning flames from his hand. “I caused the fire...” Tavian uttered without thinking.
        Oakh took a deep breath and steeled her nerves, “At last... the smallest scrap of what in God's name happened.” her staff began to shake as she leant her weight on it. Her long forgotten suspicions once again resurfacing, she then knew the dark truth she must convey. “To what end the truth takes you, I care not. For I can see only but one possibility that pierces the darkness shrouding Faris's death...”
        The Shadow Knight, bearer of lost arcane magicks and a blood darkened sword. He towered before the old hag and listened to her every word. His red-hazel gaze at last locked with her earth and snow stare.
        The matriarch eyed him scornfully with all the might her good eye could see, though her haunting blind eye peered even deeper into his soul. Oakh stared unblinking, the rage in her eyes pierced his mind. “You... And you alone Tavian,” she mustered all of her strength in her shaking voice, “You started the fire! That which murdered Faris was your own hand!”
“Enough of this!” Tavian shouted uncrossing his arms and staring down at Oakh's chilling gaze. He pointed a finger of his steel hand in her face, “I followed you to hear of what you know of my past, not to hear the mad speculations of a senile old hag!”
        “Oh? The truth escapes even you.” she took her staff and tilted it to push aside Tavian's hand, “You tell me something, Tavian, do you remember anything before the fire? Your life in Desye, mayhaps? How did you travel an ocean to get to Ijia?” she locked eyes with him with her convictions on her face and ever shaking in her voice, “Imagine the village seeing that house burst into inferno, the body of Faris in there, and you in fiendish might vanished into the flames of the hellfire.” she looked him up and down, “Now I see you returned, like this. Tell me, do you know of those who make bloodpacts with daemons for power?”
Tavian scoffed, “Of course, my master Azaria harnesses  powers that belonged to a daemon, which she endowed me with. I myself have not, nor would I ever sell my soul to what end a daemon do what wilt with it. I would sooner die.” he scowled at her.
“Can you be so sure?” she squinted her eyes back at him, as if calling a bluff, “You say you serve no daemon, but perhap wont of a failing memory are you yourself!”
        “Old wench!” His anger thundering in his voice, his patience had run dry, “A thousand times I say, I serve no daemon!” Tavian shouted.
        “Mayhap... you serve no daemon... now.” Oakh turned from him and took a few steps away, “What saved you from the fire? I can only wonder if you opened the fiery maw of hell and leapt inside the underworld from that house.” she turned back towards the village with the rising amber crescent moon casting its pale light up on the dark blue sky and snowy earth. The few wispy clouds in the dark veiled the moon as she began to take over her night sky. Oakh paused, marveling at the lunar scene, “Or could I be wrong,” she turned back to him, “Dare I say, it all could have been the protection of a dark angel?”
         Tavian stood with the sun set at his back and the sky still arouge with the dying sun's red light let bled behind the mountains. She speaks of daemon pacts and divine protections... changing her frail mind from accusations furthering to nonsenses. Though what transpired here this eve vanquishes questions, they yet multiply as I learn more. But, I forget myself... I am a knight and my duties here have ended. I will ponder these mysteries on my own time. Tavian kicked his feet through the snow treading back to Desye to Oakh's home. He walked up alongside her and spoke not a word. He looked in the distance and saw a shadowed figure alongside Desye's entrance path.
        Oakh broke the silence, “That daft woman... she left her house again?” she said in surprise.
        Tavian peered ahead at the figure. It was a petite woman wearing a black veil over her face, wearing a very thick dark fur coat. The very few patches of her exposed white skin gave an eerie reflection of pale moon light. She stood there facing them as they continued closer to her and the village. Though Tavian couldn't see her face, he could feel her stare through the dark veil. He could feel a cold, eyeless gaze on his skin, chilling his nerves. “Who is that?”
        Oakh gave a dismissive grunt, “Nobody of concern.” she shook her head at the woman, “She is a troubled soul who resides here.” 
        They walked until a stones throw from the entrance when the veiled woman suddenly marched into the direct path of Tavian. She stood there blocking their path, saying nothing but peering at Tavian with her unyielding gaze.
        Tavian watched her move before him, this woman fixated on him. She stood before him, staring past her veil. He looked down at her, barely seeing her face past the veil in this darkness. “Do you have words for me as well? If not, move.” He could barely see her lips move underneath her veil.
        The woman's voice was very quiet, as if she were a spirit speaking in whispered wisps of bated breath. “Nay, walking dead. Unreal... untrue. Tavian has long past, I see not his living spirit. Nay, I feel only the embrace... of cold emptiness. Long have I laid him to rest, eternally under death's caress.”
        “Your words are wasted, can you not see you speak to Tavian alive before you?” Tavian said, crossing his arms.
        The veiled woman shuddered and turned away, “Six years past, a home turned to naught but ash. The daemons plot began, a cherub slaughtered.” she muttered under her breath. “You... will break... and lose. You damn us all.”
        “Hmph, another speaks in naught but riddles and all words without value. I take my leave.” Tavian walked around the woman to advance further to Oakh's house.
        The veiled woman reached out from under her black fur coat and grabbed Tavian's wrist with her corpse cold hands. He turned back to her and she spoke again in barely more than a whisper, “You live on, and are cursed to never know. Go then, man with hands baptized in blood.”
        Tavian jerked his hand out of her boney grip and continued back through the snow to Oakh's home. He entered, Oakh and the veiled woman stayed at the village's entrance. Oakh stood gazing with her cataract eye and the veiled woman with her unseen stare.


        Back inside, it was still warm, though firelight was dying down. Xavier alone sat in the couch idly by the fireplace. Tavian came inside away from the cold gazes and was welcomed by the home's warmth. He sat down in the seat across from Xavier. He took a log of wood and fed it to the hungry fire to warm himself from the bitter chills of the night. “Xavier, my friend.”
        Xavier scoffed, coming out of his deep thoughts, “Yes, Tavian?”
        “What do you believe is wrong with this insane world?” Tavian asked while watching the flames grow and gradually lit the room brighter and warmer.
        Xavier cleared his throat, and stared into the fireplace, “Well, these last few days I have seen and experienced some very strange things. A girl who can mend flesh and bones like a master healer, as well as channel the destructive powers of fire. I have seen a fell daemon slain by a priestess by the mere wave of her hand, and her clairvoyant visions made true.” He glanced back to Tavian, “and you calling me friend.” he finished with a slight retort.
        “Heh. Truly, strange times we live in.” Tavian said. He could hear the faint sounds of the girls talking upstairs and footsteps through the ceiling. “Diame, she has recovered?”
        “Aye... she can walk on her own as if her leg never befell harm.” Xavier said, in awe. “Not to mention how she even mustered the strength to utterly destroy that daemon is beyond me.” he looked up as if staring past the ceiling, “and that star... it casts a light that makes my skin crawl. It lingers in the heavens as if a wicked presence casts its looming eye up on the land.” he shook his head, “It's ominous. A boon for the kin of the dark.”
        “Aye, though we felled the daemon Fa'Mes, it seems our efforts aided the darkness nonetheless.” Tavian cast his eye up on the fire as it consumed the wood and grew strong and roaring. “What do we report back to Her Majesty? 'We took Lady Diame for a stroll through the snow and unleashed an ancient daemonic curse on the world. Nothing else to report.' And then what?” asked Tavian, “We have our duties. So, must we make haste and bolster our men for the ever blood drunk Pevali, and forget about everything we've seen here? I know something foul fuels the empire's intent.”
        “A larger scale...” Xavier pondered, taking in the happenings of today, “When the strings of fate are pulled, we men become naught but small marionettes. The almighty puppeteers use us as they will to shape the world.”
        Tavian nodded, “Aye, the skies of Heaven stir. I feel unbalance... unrest.” he paused, and gave Xavier a serious look, “All this, from our actions.”
        “Hmm...” Xavier crossed his arms, “It appears we have ourselves caught up in the affairs of the divine.”
        “Precisely.” Tavian sat back in his seat, the knight brooding in the firelight.
        “When Diame came to the castle, within hours she had saved the queen's life as well as my own. Her even being at the castle was because of the visions she had.” 
        “You see my point, then.” Tavian leaned forward, “Ever since we came to the Northlands, I have felt uneasy. You've seen it. Something in the past here involved me, and I happened to be brought here for this mission. In addition...” he formulated his thoughts, each accompanied with a gesture of his hand, “Pray tell me this...” he rolled his eyes around in thought as he continued, “If a High Priestess has a vision, is compelled to come seeking aid and also saves the lives of those she beseeches...”
        “Now she has the aid of two Ijian generals bring her to the place she has seen... and we break a powerful, ancient seal with no tarry. She was injured, and that girl happened to be there to heal her wounds...” Xavier added.
        “Then she smites a daemon with a single raise of the hand.” Tavian tilted his head to his Paladin comrade. “Before, I merely questioned the possibility of the divine... But now, I can have no more doubts. I know they interfere with the affairs of mankind once more. To what end is the question.”
        Xavier nodded and thought carefully, “Tavian... Madame Oakh spoke of 'The Watchers'. Could that eye-shaped star above us...”
        “... a Watcher!” Tavian shook his head, “But, if this star was supposedly created by God, then why does it defile her earth with such an ill-light?”
        Xavier arose from his seat and cast his gaze down to the roaring fire. He leaned in front of the fireplace mantle and faced Tavian, “I am but a oath-sworn knight of God. I received Her light and Her strength to uphold the laws of God as well as mankind.” His eyes once again cast downward. Xavier's emerald green eyes who have seen the atrocities of war. His eyes have looked into the grateful eyes of those he has saved. He has seen the cold stare of a merciless enemy he was forced to stay with a blade of righteousness. The flames' reflection danced in his green gaze. “I know of the evil that lurks within the hearts of men. I have protected people from this darkness and vanquished what rears itself. As a man opens his mind to avarice of power and wealth, only true darkness may enter.”
        “What say you?”
        “You trusted to call me friend, I shall trust you with these words.” Xavier turned himself to meet with the gaze of the brooding Tavian. “I have long suspected the Church's conscience is not clear of these sins of man as well.”
        “Hmph... A Paladin speaks against the Church. Your words would be your last... if anyone less clandestine than myself hears them.”
        “The Church has stated in the Manifest of Caelutera that God created the Watchers and that our victory over the underworld was already won centuries ago. That the droves of daemons that exist today are merely a few scattered remnants. This is the dogma of the Church, but what I have seen challenges their beliefs. The evil I have seen today is a daemonic presence far greater than a wondering succubus or a mischievous imp. But, would the Church deny what that can see right above them?”
        “They could... if their minds are open to this evil you speak of.” Tavian continued, “So, tell me!” he gave Xavier a hard look, “Do you believe your Church is corrupt, Paladin?”


        Upstairs inside the guest room, Diame had been chattering with Mirnada while she rest. Her strength had gradually returned from her ordeal. Diame was sitting on her bedside, just having the strength to walk up stairs. 
        “Ay, I can hear the guys a'yellin' again.” Mirnada said as she was looking around the many closet doors and drawers in the guest room.
        “They are bold men. I'd expect them to speak boldly.” Diame said as she smirked at Mirnada as she explored every drawer in the room. “Curious one, aren't you?”
        “Aye, I always know, somethin' good always hidin' nearby.” she opened a drawer and found some clean robes, “Hmm.” she looked at more drawers in the room, some contained some orange-red soaps made from Konjode grass in them. “Interesting...” 
        Diame giggled and looked around the room as well, “Madame Oakh has taken such good care of us. We'll be leaving so soon.” “After what has happened today... I know, I must go to Lux Grande with great haste. I must tell them of...” she could feel and relive the moment of death, she felt ill, “the daemons and...”
        “Ay, ay, no need t' worry yerself with that now. Take yer mind off it, yeah?” Mirnada looked over to the big closet, “Say, lets look in 'ere!” She slid the door to the side and there was a closet with something with a sheet cast on top of it. “Wot could it be!?”
        “Um, Mirnada...”
        Mirnada grabbed the dusty cloth and revealed an empty bathtub. “Ay, lookie here...” she grabbed it and immediately pulled it out into the room. 
        “What are you doing?”
        Mirnada grinned at Diame with an over excited look on her face. “You, mi'lady, are goin' t' bathe away all yer troubles!”
        Diame blinked at her.
        “You've been though a lot, n' I c'n tell, yer a dainty flower not e'er traveled past yer tiny fenced garden.” Mirnada smiled and clapped her hands at her, “So! You need t'relax, an' wot better way th'n a naice 'ot bath!”
        “I... suppose, but where will we get water from?”
        “You tell me, wat'r priest'ss.” Mirnada winked at her. 
        Diame did want to change out of her soiled clothes and bathe her own blood off her. “I think... I am feeling a bit better, Mirnada.” she stood from her bed and walked her way over to the window, gazing up on the stars and moon. She opened it and stood to the side of the window, “Would you bring the tub here, please?”
        Mirnada smiled and pushed it over closer to the window, eager to see what other magicks Diame could do.
        Diame reached with her arms out the window towards the sky, beseeching the crescent moon. She felt the presence of all the water around her. The moisture in the air, the blood inside their bodies, the moon's watery light cast up on her, the snow in the night sky gently falling to the ground. She could feel every snowflake in the palm of her hand and every cool moonbeam touched her fingertips. The snow began to gather and hover around her hands. Soon she had a snowball hovering and spinning in the air, gathering more and more moisture and growing in size. It then hovered in and landed into the tub. She closed the window, “There we are.”
        Mirnada had watched in amazement the entire time, “Naicely done!”
        “Well, it was a good idea. But now I need your help.”
        Mirnada nodded. She held out her hand and concentrated. She now having more control over her ability to control fire, her hand engulfed in flame. She immersed it into the snow and it began to melt and hiss. Her hand still remained aflame underwater, and it heated it up and began to steam. She removed her hand and the flame went out as soon as it was removed from the water. “An' there we 'ave it!” 
        Diame smiled at her, “Thank you.”
        “No pro'lem!” Mirnada then grabbed at Diame's clothes, slightly startling her. “Now jus' take these off, an'...”


        “The men of God created the Dogma, not God herself.” Xavier responded, “This is man's law made holy merely because they speak from position of power. I believe that if the men of the Church still possess their righteous virtue, they will listen to reason.”
        “And if not?” Tavian crossed his arms, longing to see where this man stood in his allegiances.
        “If the Church is truly corrupt, then Ijia herself makes an enemy of Lux Grande as well as Pevali.” Xavier began to pace around the room, “And High Priestess Diame... her allegiance is with the Church. What she has seen here she will surely divulge to the Pontiff.”
        “But, if she walks The Path...” Tavian fingered a notch of his armor with his right hand, making a metallic tapping “... surely even the corrupted Church would not... no, could not stop her if she is truly an instrument of God.”
        “We do not know how Lux Grande is going to react to this once they learned we were the ones responsible for the Watcher...” Xavier shrugged his shoulders, “We're either heroes or heretics.” 
         Tavian stared into the fire and concentrated hard on it. The fire in the fireplace grew even brighter and let out a few loud crackles. “That is yet another thing to be fearful of the Church, their dogma is indeed their power. I have come to know of many dark truths the Church would rebuke with all their might as treacherous blasphemy.” he felt a pulse of dark energy course through him, glinting his eyes red for a moment, “Though, I am not a member of that Church.”
        “But, Lady Diame is, and she possesses great power. I, too, was baptized within the hallowed walls of Lux Grande. I know of the miraculous strength of light God has gifted to her people.” Xavier continued to patter his bare feet against the wooden floor, examining every old intricate object scattered about Oakh's home. “As I am sure, Madame Oakh must hold within her some power as well. Duly so, she is the High Priestess of Air.”
        Tavian scoffed, and stood to his feet and gestured his hands out, “'High Priestess' or no, I would be surprised if those old bones could carry any power at all!”
        The front door swung open and clashed against the wall, echoing a thunderous slam rattling the log house and clinking every glass trinket. Xavier and Tavian both turned their heads towards the door. They saw a short, black figure in the dark of night begin to step into the house.
        “It's that witch again!” Tavian shouted, as he jumped up, then turned to face an enemy.
        “Huff!” a glaring, wrinkled face came forward into the firelight to reveal Oakh, “I may have startled you to your feet, but no need to call names.” 
        Tavian disarmed himself of hostility, “Apologies, I thought you were...”
        “Huff!” Oakh pushed past Tavian as he frowned at her. She took her seat at her chair closest to the fireplace. “Hah, oh that fire is quite nice. My aching back, yes.”
         Tavian retook his seat, folding his arms with a vexed sigh. Mad old hag... what do you know? He leaned back in his seat, grateful to be inside a warm home nonetheless. Still, naught but rambling nonsense. Nothing more. No time to tarry dwelling on an old hag's ravings. He nodded to himself in assurance, But then... that fear he felt when he first stepped foot into Desye, this is indeed my home village. Yet, what caused me to lose control of myself? He shook the thought from his mind, not wanting to replay it. Enough... we leave this place first light tomorrow, I leave these distractions behind as well. 
         Xavier stood still for a moment, then turned to resume pacing as he was. The pattering of his feet on the floor and the crackling of the pine logs filled the wordless living room. What I have seen today... just the existence of Fa'Mes contradicts the church. They say no daemons may dwell on the surface, save a few lesser daemonic beasts who evade the light. So then, how could a beast as huge and as powerful as he possibly have had such a hold in this world? He paced by the frosted window glass and looked out to repose up at the crescent moon, but the blue glint of the daemon's star caught his eye first. It flickered menacingly in the sky, as if the tiny glimmer was trying to outshine the moon. Now, this... this 'star', sourced from Fa'mes, pervades even the heavens. His skin began to crawl, as if staring at the blue light was draining the heat from his body even in the presence of the fireplace. He shuddered and turned away in disgust. And whats worst... aye, we lead Lady Diame straight to it, and she succeeded where we failed, with a single wave of the arm. Just then he remembered someone most important, where is she?
        Then, a door opening upstairs and footsteps were heard descending them. Mirnada walked into the living room and met with everyone's glance.
        “Oh Mirnada, come sit with us, dear.” She motioned for her to sit in the part of the sofa closest to her, “How fares Lady Diame?”
        Mirnada closed herself to the fire and sat right in front of it on the floor instead. Not to be rude, but the fire drew her towards it like a moth drawn to a warm glow, “She's jus' fine. Restin' 'n well tak'n care of.”
        “Thank you lass, we were fortunate to have you with us.” Xavier tilted his head to her, “Your aid to Lady Diame has been helpful to our mission.”
        
        Diame felt the steaming water of the bathtub with her cold fingertips. It was almost too hot to step into. She stood naked in the room staring at herself. The dried blood on her leg from her healed wounds reminded her of something that could only have been from a distant dream. She shook her head and walked up to the window, standing naked in the moonlight. She breathed deeply and gazed up on the stars, eager to doth aloft the anxiety plaguing her mind. Her hands reached back back into her auburn hair and she began to unravel her hair. Her crimson locks freed into beautiful silky strands, cascading down her back and breast. She shook her head and her hair swayed longer down her lily skin legs, down to her feet. She knelt on her knees and sat skyclad, clothed only by the robe of her own hair. Starry eyes beheld the glory of the night, Lunaheim's moonbeams rained its rays in Diame's shimmering locks, and her eyes filled up with the moon's glow. 
        Diame clasped her hands together and uttered her prayer, “Goddess Evas'za, holy is thy name and divine is thy guidance. I humble before thee, in thine infinite mercy, heed my prayer.” she took in the night sky and closed her eyes, “What you have asked of me was no easy task, my Lady Goddess, but nonetheless, I have succeeded. All I ask is please make clear to me what task you wish for me to fulfill.” She bowed her head in somber silence.
        A cold draft blew in from the night, her bare skin bearing the chill as it shook her concentration. Diame turned her head back to the steamy plumes rising from the tub beckoning to her. She stood to her feet, stepping over to the welcoming waters. She placed her bloodied leg in first, eager to wash away the memory of her day's ordeal. At last she slowly sank her beautifully pale body into the water of perfect temperature. The hot bath comforted her delicate body, her bones had felt the bitter cold of the harsh Desyen winds for too long. She lay back in the warmth, her body relaxed and her mind clear. 
        Diame closed her blue eyes and took in the night with her other senses. The sounds of wind squalls blew out in the frigid night, voices of her companions talked downstairs, and even the silence of the falling snow was heard. The spiced scents of the konjode soaps wafted through the warm mists. She reached out to the soap bar next to her side and cleansed her leg and body of her sweat and blood. The suds began to fill up the tub with the rich, sweet, peppery aromas of konjode and frankincense filling the room and she became ensorcelled in its perfume. Diame's mind sloughed all worry from her thoughts, and her weariness melted into bliss. 
        Diame drifted into her other world as her consciousness faded. Her eyes closed and body submerged in a warm paradise, she felt awash in a tropic ocean. Without seeking an image, visions of her swimming through the sea filled her mind. She was far underwater, suspended and slowly drifting through the open deep. She looked around her and her mind's eye could see the under sea scene. Sun's rays pierced the far up water surface sending arrays of light beams reaching down to her though the ocean depths. She followed the light beams and they led deeper down into the dark depths of the ocean floor. She swam though the sweven seas, not knowing what she was searching for, but the light beckoned to her like a distant voice calling her name. She swam deeper in the water, following the path of light. 
        All around Diame, the ocean began to reveal forms that took shape in the light. The Mer, the mysterious fish people who guard the sea, they were all around her. They had elongated fishtails that connected at their waist, above that was pale and pink skinned men. They were hardened defenders, warriors who have fought countless battles. Their bodies were muscular and bore many a war-scar. Most of the mermen had long hair and long braided beards. Their hair was adorned with many small bones and teeth tied to their hair, the many trophies from their battles. They held spears and tridents, though they did not threaten nor did they mean harm to their visitor in dreams. No, they seemed almost relieved to see her, yet cautious and fearful the deeper they got. 
         Diame could see the look of worry on the brave men's faces as they swam deeper into the dark depths. They looked like fierce, noble men who would gladly fight any battle and self sacrifice themselves without a second thought for the sake of protecting their sea and home. Why do they show such terror in their eyes?
        As soon as her mind asked the question, Diame discovered the end of the guiding beam of light.  She looked up and could barely see how far the beam of sunlight stretched from its source to the ocean depths. She looked deeper below, trying to see past the darkness. She swam closer to the bottomless deep, she could feel an ocean current gradually though forcefully dragging on her, pulling her deeper down. The mermen looked in horror, like they watched an ally step into an enemy's trap and were already branded for dead. Diame looked back up to them, beckoning for help. Three mermen descended and swam deeper after her, a heroic rescue to save her from the sea's abyss.
         The beam of light drifted farther and farther away above them. Diame was caught in the pressure and drag of the mighty ocean as well as her three would-be heroes. It was a false hope, they knew they couldn't save her. They simply didn't want her to know the horror of dying alone. To he who now rules the sea. Diame drifted deeper into this darkness, her vision extremely limited. Around her were the three mermen, consigned to their fate and swam by her side as she guided them deeper down.
         Diame's eyes could not see deeper no matter how hard they tried. She treaded in the deep waters, the fear beginning to take hold of her. She couldn't go further, her instincts were keening of some unseeable imminent threat. A sharp pang of danger pricked her mind, a moment of lucidity returned. Aware and awake, the vivid portrait her mind had painted for her was now a lucid dream. She became conscious she was within her own dream, and she had never been able to be lucid in a vision, usually they were beyond her control. But this is no lucid dream. It made no sense to her. A lucid vision? 
        The priestess took in the silence of the ocean's deep. She couldn't wake, but she could feel the water, she could breathe deep beneath the sea, the mermen safeguarding her stayed very close by to her, worried, on guard, searching. Diame faced one of them and her kind eyes met with the hardened warrior's. This merfolk man had long dark blonde hair, interwovern with animal teeth, seaweed and coral. He waited facing her as if awaiting command, his battle-worn coral trident arched and at the ready. She opened her mouth to speak, seawater rushed in and she took a deep breath of it. She was surprised by the sensation of waterbreathing, but needed to talk to this merman warrior. 
        As Diame spoke, whatever words she said she didn't know, but he understood with a nod, he gave a hard look straight forward and pointed his spear poised to strike. Diame looked ahead, there was a faint glow in the waters deep. The mermen saw it too and all poised their spears, their nerves were steeled and ready to face death itself. The faint glowing figure was drifting around the ocean depths, churning the waters unnaturally. A deep, low grumble reverberated throughout the ocean floor, it thundered from every direction at once and lasted until the entire sea resonated with it; the mere sound of the creature's voice. Diame's eyes widened and she shuddered at a realization; there are many daemons yet unseen, and just this one's mere voice presents itself more daunting than Fa'Mes.
        The beam of light stretched down from above, extending itself down below, a column cascading before Diame. The deep dark ocean depths became engulfed in illumination, all could be seen for a few fleeting moments. There before Diame was the colossus of an enormous serpentine sea beast. The vast void of water depths were filled by a single long serpentine tail, writhing and stretching on endlessly. Swimming upwards from beneath the sea creature emerged a swarm of foreboding fish. Hundreds of schools of Remorae, the vicious, jagged-toothed piranha-creatures that reside within the deepest, darkest regents of the sea. 
        Diame could see all these sea creatures swirling in the water, afraid to approach her with her light beaming down in front of her. The mermen still waited ready to strike, unwavering defenses. The mighty sea serpent turned and twisted its coiling body through the briny sea, slithering its way towards the priestess and her protectors. Its head was finally revealed as it lunged through the sea at them. Its mouth was long and flat, like a crocodiles, and had many long, whisker like protrusions that looked like a beard of bent pins. Its head was scaled and had several large semi transparent fin protrusions for steering. On its crown he bore two large, black horns that stretched and looped and curled into a razor sharp points. Its huge eyes were dark and colorless like black jewels, but reflected the light within them as its gaze. Its fixation was solely set on Diame's life, lunging through the twisted torrents menaced two glowing spheres ardent with hatred.
        Diame let out a long echoed scream of waterbreath that chilled all the ocean's ears with her distressed terror. Her shriek provoked the three mighty Mer to action, sudden flashes of quicksilver scales darted they to meet the fell daemon of her dream. One of the Mer warriors lunged directly to the beast in staunch resolve, the might of a whale in his trident. Another moved around the beast, his spear at the ready to flank the daemon. The third mer warrior locked eyes with Diame, his turquoise eyes wide-open. He lunged toward her, doing all he could do he wrapped his arm tightly around Diame's waist. He pulled her back floundering his fin, swimming away from the beast with desperate fervor. Diame held fast in his mighty grasp looking back and watched faint reflections of the dimming light. The Remorae swarmed on the two Mer warriors, the schools of the clawed fins and open needle teeth at the ready. 
        The sharp coral edges of the spears pierced the eyes and heads of the Remorae, the Mer have faced many of these foes before. But, not in this number. The tridents of the Mer stabbed and slew the Remorae one by one, and their blackened cruor and entrails spilt out, darkening the waters. But the masses of droves could not all be repelled. One of the two Mer continued his mighty battle through these fish creatures, intent on reaching the true foe, the behemoth sea snake staring with its dark glowing eyes. He fought his way directly to the daemon. A Remorae latched its needley maw onto his shoulder. Blue Mer blood then spilt into the ocean. He too yelled in pain, then desperately stabbed his spear backwards into the fish's face, breaking the beast's teeth, freeing himself. He ignored his pain and swam ever closer to his target. 
        The other Mer swam around the beast, fighting through the endless Remorae to reach the daemon's flank. He was strong, and his determination was within his honed skill in the coral trident he held arched. He swam with all his might directly into a school of the piranha-creatures that protected their serpentine master. The tri-pronged, sharp serrated coral tore through the blackened fishy flesh, three-by-three. The Mer warrior let out a battle cry that echoed through the waters as he slew the swarms of vicious Remorae with gruesome dispatch. Fanning his tail-fin fast though the dark blood clouds, he swam his way through, trident at the ready as he found the side of the Daemon's serpent-like head. His fin beat against the water and sent himself as fast as he could swim. He lunged and threw his trident with all his might shouting ferociously. The coral tips pierced the blackened snake-scales of the Daemon, and sank deep into its palpable neck, just below its skull. 
        The beast let out a roaring wail, its anger shook the ocean depths. Huge jets and streams of blacked daemon cruor put the seas of Remorae gore to shame. Its colossal head turned from Diame to the cheeky mortal Mer who dared make the daemon bleed. He stared the daemon down, disarmed now his trident had found home in the daemon's flank. The crocodile-like mouth opened revealing rows up on rows of long, jagged, white teeth like a shark. The maw was easily big enough to swallow a house, it engulfed in the waters surrounding the Mer. He showed no fear and faced his death. He waded motionless in the water as he entered the cavernous mouth of the serpent. 
        Diame felt a strange sense of mortality, as if she were the one who met with death. She felt a pang of tightness in her chest, met with the unmistakable high of adrenaline, her heart beat like a thunderous drum. In her head, she heard thoughts of pure emotion. They were ever fearless and prideful, growing stronger and stronger. Her mind was astir with the thoughts of the last moments of a warrior in his final battle rush.         
        The Mer closed his eyes, the mouth of the Sea Serpent snapped shut, the sound of the selfless Mer's death was the crunch of bones within infinite teeth.
        Diame shuddered and tried to close her eyes, but she was unable to. She watched the death of the Mer kin, her vision focused on the crocodile maw of the Sea Serpent. The Mer's death and a satisfied glow in the two spheres of the daemon was a sight she was forced to see.
        The remaining injured Mer slew the remaining few Remorae immediately near him, deathly aware of the fate of his friend, and how soon he would share it. He had no time to hold his wounds, many more foes closed in on him from the deep. He swam leaving a trail of blue blood, he made his path for the Sea Daemon surrounded by the schools of waiting Remorae.
         Diame was held strong and secure by the Mer carrying her, though the tight grip hurt her. I can feel this pain, I can feel the emotions of these mermen... and as a nightmare often contains sights one does not wish to see... what manner of mad dreamworld must I be in? The other Mer continued to bravely distract the Daemon and slay the Remorae as she was carried to safety. Even though he hastened to take her as quickly away from the beasts of the deep, they remained within distance. Diame tried to speak to the warrior, but he would not respond as he tried to swim to safety, straining himself with all the strength he can muster. Her rescuer was weakening, the snapping mouthed Remorae followed by the Sea Serpent were quickly drawing closer and closer. 
        The piranha-creatures' countless maws gaped to inhale water and propelled them faster as it  jet from their gills. The glints of countless teeth opened then snapped shut in a clamor that echoed louder as they enclosed up on the remaining Mer warrior. The scent of their enemy's mer-blood drove the piranha-creatures beyond madness. The rattling sounds from bites of sharp teeth mixed with snarls and grunts became more chorus like, and all their oily fish-eyes rolled in a frenzy. A huge whirl of quicksilver scales looped in the water, the school of razors poised at the lone Mer. Bravely, he swam into them, spear at the ready into the sea of mouths.
         Diame desperately reached out towards him over the rescuer Mer's shoulders, as if her hand could save him somehow. My Lady Goddess, protect him! Her eyes widened and she yearned to release the sound of her voice.
        The Mer charged forward, staring into the snapping piranha maws. He thrust and swung his spear, piercing the bodies of two or so Remorae at a time. They were quickly up on him, and surrounded him on all sides. He swiftly looped through the water as well, evading them through the darkened waters, all the while the Sea Serpent drew closer. He had complete disregard for the blood pluming from his wound, his only resolve was repaying them back in kind with their own. All his strength went into spearing their heads, and avoiding their teeth and claws.
        There were tendrils of light beams from far above extending down in thin rays that swayed with the water. Diame looked up, she could see a point above past the darkened waters where she was dragged down. In fact, she could see the very faint silhouettes of Merfolk in the watery glow. But the Remorae were closer, and the Daemon was just behind them.
         The Mer carrying Diame looked over his shoulder and saw his remaining kin's fending off the Remorae. He won't last much longer. He thought, and Diame heard. Before she knew what was happening, he forced his muscles forward once more with a final burst of energy. With speed and a strong arm, he threw Diame forward, up towards the surface's light. He looked up at her, his fierce turquoise eyes met with hers a final time, then he swam down to join the other Mer.
        She felt the currents of the sea coarse around her as she hurled through the water. She couldn't look back, only forward to the faint glimpses of light and life far above. But then, Diame began to sense her saviors thoughts even more so, and could even see through his eyes.
         She saw herself as the Mer who carried her, speeding through the torrents into the fray. He charged trident first with a loud battle cry into the largest preponderance of piranhas. The coral of his trident met with the teeth that would have met with his kin's neck. Without time to react, they fought together keeping the Remorae at bay as long as they could. Though we are vastly outnumbered, we will give our lives to fight for you. Now! You must hurry, leave this place! He continued to fight as the sea horrors enclosed on them. He stopped for a moment and looked up, Diame saw herself through his eyes, then felt herself return to her body, looking down at him from above.
         Disoriented she looked around her, the darkness of the water was closing in on her, the light above growing dimmer. Go, my queen! Swim! She heard his voice a final time. She swam up and up, kicking her legs against the currents. The pursuit to enter the light strengthened her, above was the only way escape to this darkness. Diame felt the strain on every muscle and joint in her body as she struggled to reach the surface. My God, help me... give me the strength...!
        The mermen dispatched more Remorae, the wounded one losing strength fast. His movements were slower, a Remorae sunk its teeth into his fin, the razors sunk deep into him. Another one bit and latched on his arm. He yelped and tried to push them off with his spear.
        Turquoise-eyes grabbed the Remorae with the points of his trident and pulled them off. But it was all in vain, his comrade had no strength left in him. He stayed in front of his kin, using his trident with all his strength he could muster to protect him and slow their advance to Diame. He was surrounded by a school of the Remorae, swirling around him like a chattering vortex. They all swam towards him, he braced himself, his weapon at the ready. With a sudden panicked flick of the fins, the piranhas all swam away at all directions, as if they suddenly feared for their lives. The Mer questioned not, and attended to his mortally wounded kin. He propped him up, the little life left in him accepted his fate. Turquoise-eyes understood, and accepted his fate as well. They turned to the Daemon of the Seas together, meeting with the two glowing black spheres.
        The eyes grew bigger and started to illuminate its face and body once more. The snake head was bore deep with the two huge black gems. The crocodile mouth parted slightly, baring its white teeth as if it had a twisted grin. The eyes flashed a light so black that it even made the silhouettes of the Mer brighter for a moment. Diame's skin pricked hundreds of times, she felt as if submerged in a pool full of snakes biting her one after another. Diame felt a sharp burning sensation that shivered up and down her spine, then spread to the tips of her fingers and toes. She writhed like every nerve in her body was pierced by hot needles as the psychic venom pervaded her soul. Her body felt weaker by the second, as if she could not will her body to move. Her hard kicks and arm strokes became struggled, and her limbs flailed. She went limp as she succumbed to a lucidity consuming toxin as every movement passed. Her movements slowed to a halt, she couldn't will even a conscience thought.
        She could only see the glowing spheres and the black light that grew brighter and darker. Then she heard a voice unlike any other resonate in her head. Its words were slithery and long, and it spoke in a deep boom. Thy God holdss no ssway here, priesstessss. Her pupils dilated. She no longer could draw breath. She couldn't move although the pain had subsided, she felt only numbness now. The voice took over in her mind, she was emotionless in a frozen trance. The Sea Snake's black gem eyes flickered, a sense of satisfaction came from the daemon. Many exisst who wissh to hide thysself... its head turned down and faced the two paralyzed Mer, but thou cansst hide thysself from mine eyess. Its eyes flickered yet again, then its horns on its crown began to illuminate. A bolt of twisted lightning arched between the two points of the curled black horns. The electricity was dark blue and darting bolts spread in random directions as the daemon's horns pulsated and charged with more lightning. The pricce of idioccy for thosse who defy my masster'ss will... Its mouth gaped open, every tooth pulsed with a bolt of lightning. The energy between its horns arched bigger and brighter and lit up the sea in a dark blue light.
        The long serpentine tail-like body of the daemon could be seen extending so far deep it originated from a break in the ocean floor. A surge of blue energy coiled up the beast from beneath the underworld itself. In a moment it traveled up to the head of the daemon and swirled around it. Then like a cannon, the horns and mouth discharged forth a thundering burst of blue lighting that rumbled the entire sea. It poised forward in a column of light aimed directly at the two Mer warriors. The beam widened and engulfed the Mer, webbing tendrils of lightning extended in every direction beyond the eye could see. The two Mer were instantaneously disintegrated in this clasm of lightning. The flashes of lightning from the horns and teeth ceased in an instant, and the last random bolts fired from the Sea Serpent's head. The light stopped, but the clamor of thunder had yet to cease until it had echoed and rumbled throughout the entire sea of Caelutera.
        The gem like eyes focused yet again on Diame. They drew closer to her as the daemon slithered through the sea of Remorae gore. The snake's head swayed side to side as it churned the waters, growing ever nearer. The glowing eyes darted in a hypnotic dance, as akin to how a cobra might mesmerize its pray. Thine precciouss light houssed in thy ssoul... its horns began to pulse and arched with lightning yet again, I sshall ssnuff it out. It's mouth gaped open and it drew closer with intent fervor. 
        
        “Ah heh! Nothin' to it, I guess” Mirnada said as she sat flat on the floor close to the warm flames.
        “Where is the lady now?” Xavier asked.
        Mirnada rolled her head back over her shoulders, “Why, 'avin a naice 'ot bath!”
        Everyone blinked, Mirnada gave an upside down grin.
        “A bath?” Oakh looked up as if seeing past the ceiling boards, “Oh, you did drag that out. That's alright, I would have run her one myself if you had asked...” she blinked again, “Wait, now... how did you get the water, much less heat it?” she asked although already certain of the answer.
         Mirnada closed her eyes and stared with her grin that widened with accomplishment. She giggled, then straightened her neck, facing the crackling logs. She held up a hand over the flames. She could feel the heat against her skin, and felt the fiery elemental vibrations that coursed through her blood as energy warmed her veins. She smirked privately, a small assurance of delicate self-pride. To gain just an inkling of mastery over her powers made her think of Marshall. What he saw in her, she finally began to see. The intensity of her magick, to what end of the powers she could draw upon still remains clandestine even to her. A red flame for heating, a violet flame for healing... Her mind wandered, she relaxed and contemplated on the fireplace.
         The old and wise priestess cleared her throat purposefully, but it was met with the unmistaken silence of deep thought. “Well then...” she muttered to deaf ears. Her gaze averted to Tavian and he stared at the floor, cross armed and brooding as usual. Hmph. I have many words for him, but he will never listen. Once he can find and accept the smallest part of his soul, he may yet...  Her earth and snow eyes cast to Mirnada, her hand was still hovering, feeling the flames as if her hand was inside the hearth. She was completely fixated, her attention not straying from the fire. That child... she nodded to her even if she couldn't see it, I shall talk with her before she leaves. Clearly, she stirs all the aether around her without effort. A Jorgard child with improper training is... dangerous. As is for anyone who can not control the aether they wield. Her attention turned to Xavier, pacing by the window, This man... he bears the weight of conflict. She closed her eyes, and listened to the words that spoke from his face. His strength comes from his own convictions... his faith is in God as well as it is in the Church. But, therein lies his struggle. She nodded, this time to herself as well as Xavier, I, too, have wrested with my own faith and the beliefs of the church... But never in a way such as this. I can only imagine what it's like to be a Paladin, a warrior of God bearing the true faith, to yet have that thin red string of doubt tugging in the back of one's mind. Oakh leaned back in her chair and began to rock back and forth slowly with a couple of wooden creaks escaping. What these four have seen... nay, what they have done! To have felled Fa'Mes, that... that which has terrorized Desye for all these years. To what purpose Evas'za has for these four... 
         She scanned the room once more, her eyes cast on each person once. Oakh looked up past the ceiling boards once more, Lady Diame... you were called here. Aye. You, and your three guardians. All of your purposes, separate yet the same. Her visions need to be protected. Where I can only hear the faintest words whispered by the wind, she has seen countless visions reflected into her mind. Truly, her talents are a gift from God, divinity draw her here. She carved her own path unwittingly and was joined with followers by happenstance of coincidence and luck! There were drops of water forming between the cracks in the wood. More and more water droplets hung from the ceiling, sliding across the wooden surface and combining into larger droplets. Oakh blinked, Does that girl not know how to keep a bath within the confines of a tub? She sighed.
        There was a loud splash heard upstairs followed by the dull sound of water heavily lapping against the ceiling. Then water droplets began to trickle steadily from above, the allusion of a rainstorm in Oakh's living room turned Xavier, Mirnada and Tavian's attention.
        
        Diame floated lifelessly in the water, her eyes filled with terror as the swirling blue lighting mustered to engulf her. She writhed within her own mind to will herself to move, or just to even hear her own thoughts. She wished to release a scream for help, but all was in vain. The energy pulsing through the Sea Snake crackled ferociously as the lightning currents sizzled the sea waters. The leathery lips lining the open crocodile-mouth of the beast twisted into a grinning glower. And with thiss, Diame, your life endss.        
        The quieting of the words with the immediate accompanying roar of electricity chilled her, if she could have felt it.
        There was a faint warmth in the distance behind her. Diame could sense another, yet distant, presence in her sea of thoughts. Her mind began to feel lighter, as if stones were falling out her ears. Her limbs and face began to twitch with involuntary motions as she struggled to regain self control. The numbness... it turns to a stilled pain... is the beast's toxin loosening its hold? Her eyes could move freely as if she suddenly had a full night's recovery. She slowly turned her head in the waves of water, her long hair flowing freely behind her in long flows. From far away and above, a tiny glint of light pierced the darkness like a pinprick. The light was hurling down through the sea, the glow gaining size as it drew closer.
        
        There was a shocked stillness on Madame Oakh's face as water droplets fell one by one throughout her home. As Tavian and Xavier jumped to their feet, Mirnada twisted and leapt backwards over a short table. The two could only stand and watch as she had made a bolt across the living room and began ascending the stairs.
        The girl met with their looks of surprise for a moment “Er, no need t' trouble yerselves over nothin'!” Mirnada waved them away as she disappeared up the steps, “If aught she jus' 'ah a slip! I'll 'ave a look-see.” there was a stop in her steps as Mirnada took the time to shout back “Ladies o'ly!” 
        “A lady is not you...” Tavian muttered to himself, crossing his arms and tapping his fingers impatiently. Then the men eyed each other, and stood ready with uncertainty. 
        There was a slow wrapping at the door upstairs, “Diame?” Mirnada called melodically. The cautious knocks were followed by a pause.
        Xavier eyed the two of them, “I can't just stand here!” he took a step towards the stairs. There had to be something he could do to help. 
        Madame Oakh raised a hand to assure him, “Let the girl check on her.” she said grandmotherly, “It wouldn't do any good for a man to burst into the lady's bath.” She wanted to say more, but she took pause when she met with the concern swelling in Xavier's deep-green eyes. He is truly beside himself. The poor man.
        “But, I...” Xavier knew well he couldn't just stand here, yet there must be some way he could be helping. The air was heavy with vibes of wrongness, he glanced at Tavian for a moment, he nodded a mutual acknowledgement that something was foully amiss. 
        Oakh sighed and cleared her throat, “Fine then,” she stabbed the floor with all her weight with her staff, “I'll check on her too.” she said with a much too sweet smile. She tried to stand hurriedly, then she shuddered with a sharp gasp and her eyes widened, “I feel... a presence! A malevolent spirit is in my house!” she fell back into her chair she began to shake, “It... it seeks Diame!”
        A loud, slow creak came from the upstairs door followed by Mirnada softly calling out “Diame?” then a sharp creak and a hard slam. “Yii-eee!” Mirnada screamed with all the strain in her voice.
        Xavier darted for the stairs with Tavian at his heels.
        
        What wretchednessss iss thiss? The Daemon-Serpent's voice resonated angrily as lighting poured from its mouth. It iss of no conssequencce! It aimed its ebbing cone of lightning at Diame that grew faster and with more ferocity. 
        Without time to think, Diame had regained some control over herself and swam up towards the light that was drawing closer. The small glint of light was now the size of the sun in the sky. As it drew closer, more and more light pillars cascaded from above, stretching with all their might to reach Diame. The distance was vast, but the light was closing it moment by moment.
        Foolss, you act too late. With that, the lightning coursing through the horns and teeth of the sea snake broke forth, all that was seen was a flash of dark blue silhouettes in the sea. The snake tongue flicked and slithered and a ferocious hiss was let from its mouth. The lightning beam discharged, roiling the water as it hurled towards Diame. 


        Xavier ascended to the top of the stairs to find Mirnada lying on the floor in the hall, the door wide open. She was on her back, hands and feet staring upright into the room, eyes wide peeled and mouth gaped. Xavier stepped over her and ran through the the bedroom's threshold. 
        There Diame lay, suspended in the air within a sphere of soapy bathwater. The huge snow-globe waters spun and churned wildly, soap suds forming in the water dripping off onto the floor. Bright white moonlight eerily glared in from the window, the flare pervaded the room in a flood of blinding illumination. The watery orb bent and twisted all the light like a crystal ball around the priestess. Shadows of unfriendly hands caressed around Diame in dark blue flickers at moments at a time. Diame floated with her back arched, her arms outstretched and her legs were tightly wrapped around themselves. Her arms were loosely swaying in the waters movements, and her red hair flailed with the rapid movements of her aquatic cocoon. Her eyes were closed, and her face was serene yet vacant. 
        Tavian also hopped over Mirnada and charged in beside Xavier, also standing beside him unknowing what to do. A daemonic presence possesses her indeed! It wills her to mance the waters as sure as she had surrendered herself freely. How can this be?! He clenched his steel fist and pounded it against the wall once in frustration. “What holds her grips with immense malice! Even she couldn't withstand...” he cut himself off, for he knew the complete disdain and disregard daemons have for human life. He needed not to reiterate the obvious danger she was in, so he just crossed his arms.
         Xavier stepped forward, looking up at Diame hovering, the light spinning around the room.  A way to combat this malevolence ensorcelling her... Unintentionally, Xavier began to mance the magick himself. The light in the room, the overabundance of his affinity began to draw itself within him. His bare feet stepped across the wet floor up and stood just before her. 
        Forms of hands kept flickering in and out of light and shadow. The blackened flesh of the ghostly hands flickered and faded in and out of sight by the glow of a blue light. They grabbed Diame, and the fingers would indent her skin, then sink into her and fade into contrast. Over and over, dark hands appeared and grabbed her, disappeared, keeping her locked in this hold. 
        “Can aught be done!?” Madame Oakh said as she leaned in on her staff. Mirnada was behind her, hiding yet helping her stand. She entered and stood between Xavier and Tavian. She had seen spells used in many ways, and in her time dealt with the use of black magick. But this, she hadn't felt a presence like this in many years. It cannot be...! The blue light, the black hands, the chill in her bones. “Fa'Mes was felled, was he not!? Why!?” She shuddered, sick with fear, “How can its vile magicks yet still seek her?!” 
        Tavian turned his head to her, then back to the window. Then that light is... of course! “The star!” he blurted out, uncrossing his arms. 
         Xavier held up his hand, he felt the warmth of the light he had drawn in, the sensation connected him to its source spinning around the room. Indeed the presence of a powerful daemon weighs foully on the air. But there is more than wickedness in here, this light sickens me to touch it, yet there is another force carrying it. A presence that bears a light with a different aether, one pure and holy!


        The watery depths within Diame's head were still in a chaotic struggle. Diame kept swimming away and up towards the sun within the sea. Its light was straining thin beams through the black murk. The lightning chasing Diame at last found her, close and ready to engulf, then suddenly the bolts slowed and twisted. The cone of lighting was within arms reach of her yet could not touch her. It spun in a furious vortex, crackling with the thunder of an underwater storm. 
         Diame kept kicking desperately, not taking time to look back at the lightning was slowing. As long as she fought to escape, her will could keep it at bay. Her focus centered on hopes of salvation as the dim sphere that grew in size yet was still untouchable. The light...! Why can I not reach it!? She willed herself harder. I must... I can not die here...!


        “I... I'm going to try something.” Xavier said with all caution. 
        A pleading, “P-please, anythin'!” caught Xavier to turn his head and saw Mirnada ducking out behind Madame Oakh. She was shaking and holding onto her robe white-knuckled. “You 'ave t' save her...”  she said meekly.
        He nodded confidently to assure her, and he turned back to Diame in distress. Xavier felt out with his hand as he stood next to the hovering Diame. Standing before the sphere of water she looked as if she were in a mystic womb caught between light and darkness. He felt both energies, in a combat. If I am to save her I have but one choice. To draw in the foul dark as well as this light that isn't completely tainted. He felt the tips of his fingers reach past themselves, and the energies flowed in many beams of blue, black, and yellow-white light. He felt the sickly energy first, the blue haze surrounding the black light. Rancor of Fa'Mes... I remember this wrenching in my gut, I felt as if I could never stomach food again. It emaciated every nerve in my body, I could not move. The hatred from his spirit refuses to loosen hold on her. He drew the energies in deeper, the feelings of sickness traveling up his arms. Then he felt the black waves on this fingertips. This is... a terrifying power, far beyond Fa'Mes. A daemon has a direct hold on her... but how?
        “What sense you?” Madame Oakh questioned.
        “There are two distinct malevolent presences with energies that twist and chill uniquely.” Xavier said, eyes closed and still concentrating on the magicks that flowed through him. “And still more. This light...” He pulled Fa'Mes into himself further, the disgust of thought of what he was doing was nearly as bad as the blue flames curse he once suffered. The black energy stemmed up the veins in his arms like thorns. He agonized, drawing in this much poisonous aether and the toll it began to take on him. He responded, he began to glow a faint glimmer of his own protective light to shield himself somewhat from all this deadly energy. To draw in this much of the Daemons' energy, I must be mad, but, it must be the only way to save her. I can not exert all my own aether too soon, but it is taking all I have to hold them back. If I could only reach this light, it is so close yet so far away. He could feel the presence of the light. It was warm, gentle and strong like a flame. Come to me, light. The sensation of the light grew stronger against his fingertips, but he could not draw it in. 
         He can withstand all that malice? The oath-light of the paladins must be what protects him so. Tavian watched as the magick light beams were drawn from the watery sphere. Diame seems slightly less distressed, he is bearing some of this curse. Noble, yet I hope not futile. He tapped his fingers against his crossed arms. I feel useless. I hope he knows what he is doing.
         A sharp pang stabbed in Xavier's gut, twisting and he knelt agonizing. Ah... the source of this magick fights back. I am interfering. Good. I care not how I suffer, she is in worse danger. He stood once more, his hand aglow holding the blue and black light. The yellow-white light was pulling towards him, yet still out of reach. I can feel power like a tidal wave surging in this light. It wants to reach Diame, in fact it is protecting her from completely succumbing to this black magick. His strength began to waver, the black and blue energies taking over him slowly, him fighting back with his own light. If I can not draw this light in, it is because it is meant for Diame. But if I added my light to it... Willing all his spiritual strength, he gathered all the light he could from within himself. My aether, my light is yours, Diame. He felt the last of his life force pulse through his blood, his light filling him up. It extended out his arms and pushed against the evil he had tapped into. Bright candescence spilled out of his hands, stringing up the beams of magick with strong pulses and into the yellow-white light. 
        As his light left his body, the darkness he had welcomed in began to take vengeful hold of him. The poisoned black and blue light festered deeper into him, he felt a grip on his chest as if his ribs were constraining his own lungs. He gave a sharp gasp and collapsed, Madame Oakh and Tavian rushed to his side while Mirnada shrieked in the doorway.
        The hot-white candescence of his light fed into the sickly glow of the yellow-white light. The rays of jaundice separated and dispersed from the unknown light source, and it absorbed Xavier's strength and shone a new, purified light. The light within Diame's aquatic prison began to glow bigger and brighter, the water ball turning into a sphere of swirling light.
        
        A loud, distant, slow, echoing shriek turned Diame's head as she continued to swim. It was filtered within the muffle of the sea depths, yet rang with a familiar voice. She saw nothing but the faint glow of the sun hidden within the murk of the dark. The closer and closer she got, the more frustrated and exhausted she was. Why! If this light be not my rescuer, then what will be!? The tips of the lightning bolts were fingers away from her toes, flinging daggers of sparks in violent desperation to reach her. Even these projectiles slowed in time, and the great comet of crashing blue electricity followed in Diame's wake.
         Sstop thiss meaninglessss ressisstancce! The eyes of the sea serpent flared its twisted, inverting light. White became black, black became darker than black. The underwater sun flickered as if suddenly eclipsed, then returned to its dim shine. You can not esscape. You will not! The Daemon-Serpent's still gaping mouth hissed as lightning more furiously pulsed through him. Trapped inside my prisson within your dreamss, you are naught but the kill. My wrath will ssizzle and burn your ssweet flessh to dusst! It let out another ocean shaking roar, trembling with built hatred and ire. The length of its entire coiling body pulsed brighter with blue static. The snake body was aglow with all its might, bringing with it all energies from the underworld.
        Diame came to a halt, exhausted and unable to strain her legs any further. All around her she could see only the lightning engulfing her. 
        The Daemon-Serpent let the cannon's quake expel forth, its own scales and teeth tore and burnt from its electrified flesh. A thunderstorm with the ocean for clouds stretched from every end of the ocean, rocking the seabed and fissuring Caelutera's undersurface. The center of the explosion, Diame. The Daemon-Serpent's lightning at last dispersed as fast as a strike disappears yet the thunder lasted, echoing violently. The hulking head of the Sea serpent was half barren of scales and flesh, the exposed black and blood colored bones writhed with burnt strands of snake muscles. The skull with what remained of silvery serpent scales, and an outstretched maw of blackened bones of crocodile with jagged and melted tooth. It slowly clamped what remained of its reptilian teeth together. It waited with black jeweled eyes watching impatiently as the burst debris dispersed. 
        Curled in a ball, Diame shook from the sounds of the rumbling, yet not a scratch on her. She slowly and cautiously surveyed around her and met with the gaze of the Sea-Daemon in disbelief. What is happening to me? She shook her head in disbelief. If this be a nightmare, let me awaken! If this isn't real, release me from this horrifying sweven! She faced back to the sea monster, her eyes locked with it. Her red hair trailed behind her, shimmering in the faint glints of the undersea sun. She knew swimming away wasn't doing any good, and yet, the explosive force of daemonic lightning could do her no harm. Release me! She demanded with the will of her thoughts.
         You daresst challenge me?! The two glowing eyes flickered again, and the sea went white, then black, then the eyes of the daemon turned blacker than black. This held and the contrast went darker and darker compared to the eyes of the sea-serpent. I sshall pull you into nightmaress ssteeped in depthss of darknessss beyond imagess your life will ever ssee. With all growing darker, the dark jewel glints in its eyes began to change color in this contrast. As if hidden within the black of its eyes, two burning glints of glaring red fire revealed themselves within the sea-serpent's eyes. The two red flames grew bigger, a furnace of hatred building brighter within its skull. The two jeweled spheres of its eyes became a binary of fulminating red stars. The darkness of the ocean began to turn to a dark-red, the distance started to look like a sea of blood. 
         The glare from the face of this beast... the half burnt and exposed skull and flesh of the serpent-crocodile chilled Diame. This is a dream. A sweven that can do no more harm than astonishment. And only I should have the power to compel my thoughts! She watched as the sea became brighter with a red as dark as night stretching beyond the sea. The sun of light above her was radiating a zenith of energy, a pure-white-sphere in an ocean of scarlet. Now daemon, I command you in our lady Evaz'Sa's name, to name thyself!
        The sea daemon's eyes burned like two jewels of fire pulsing from its skull. It bared its burnt teeth and curled a twisted smile on its charred lips. The ocean was a soup of boiling blood that grew chokingly hot in an instant.
        Diame tried to continue waterbreathing, but as a fish above water, she panted for breath that would not fill her lungs. Her thoughts began to slip and escape her, though a last horrifying realization crept past her mind before it drowned. He cannot withstand me compelling him with our lady's name. He wishes to stop me from even dreaming I'm saying it to him. I can... not breathe.


        Xavier rolled on the floor, his body began to quake further with the darkness overtaking him, torturing him for his interference. Crimson droplets began filling the sphere of water and light imprisoning Diame. The drops spread in the churning and turned to a ball of black and rust. Diame's face grimaced as if choking before it was lost in the haze. The Paladin let out a shout as the darkness engulfed his light further, taking hold and agonizing the life from him.
        Madame Oakh clasped a hand around her mouth and shuddered. She let out a groan as if her heart fell to the floor. She felt Mirnada tug at her robe tighter in wide-eyed horror. What can I do? What can any of us do? She turned to Tavian with wordless pleading written on her face.
         Tavian snarled, The presence grows even more so! Now they're both in peril, Diame is taken hold of entire and Xavier... the  fool! He stepped forward and knelt, taking the hand of Xavier. His blood felt colder than snow, and pulsed with energy that felt like thousands of prickling needles. Power of the Arcana, the power of daemons to be used against them. “Daemon dwelling within this man, begone!” He felt the pulse of needles reverse its flow, and instead force up on the possessing force a swell of torture equal to what it was outputting. Xavier's whole body twitched, his hand tightened its grip. Hold strong, my kinsman. Your reckless ruse worked. He felt the energy within Xavier at war with itself, as if the force of the daemon was destroying itself with its own hatred.
        Xavier felt every muscle in his body convulse and spasm, feeling every individual ache. His body felt as if a giant ball of ice was melting, as if consuming itself. From the tips of his toes and fingers warmth and normal muscle control was restored. He felt the sensation of coldness leave himself until he felt a cold ball of ice in his chest melt to nothing. He breathed regularly and lay on the floor.
        “You alright?” Tavian asked, letting Xavier's arm fall to the floor.
        Xavier muttered something incoherent, and stared up at the ceiling. He breathed normally and twitched occasionally.
        “He'll need a minute or two.” He stood then turned up to the sphere of rust, that no long was a smooth elegant orb, now it was a grossly misshapen gelatinous ball of filth. “Oakh, what think you?”
        Oakh observed the aether spinning in the room carefully. “The daemon means to kill Diame. We can distract and sway it, but it will be for naught. She will die soon unless we sever their connection completely, but what holds her in this grip binds with so much power.”
        Tavian reached his steel hand toward the ball of gunk, nearly touching it. I will do what I can. He reached his hand into the sphere, it squished as if reaching into a pool of mud. An ill bubbling churned in his stomach. He felt the presence of corruption resound in his head, What weak magickss you intervene with can sstaunch me not. He felt his gut twisting, he fought it as much as he could, it amplified nonetheless. He felt layers up on layers of needles prickling his skin and innards, he snarled and began channeling his Arcana to ward it off. The lassss is mine. I sshall make you ssuffer for your arrogancce. The sensation built more, it felt like a toxin searing away at his nerves. He drew harder up on his Arcana to repel the power to little avail. 


        The priestess gasped for air within the ocean of red. She struggled, drowning while hearing this wretched sea serpent pervade her mind. So there before her writhed the long coiled scales, dimly aglow in its underworld magicks that made it glow pale blue. The twisted head, the charred black serpentine skull swaying towards her with bitter ire in its fiery black jeweled eyes. Hatred boiled all to thick blood.
        My air is cut short. Diame's throat tightened. She turned to plead to the white sun shimmering up above the scarlet. An I can not free myself, the thought shuddered her, I die. She reached out, straining her arms to grab the sun. This creature sought and can attack my mind only through my soothsaying eye. This is my magick, the light of my aether; my mortal soul! It wills me to drown, I canst feel my lungs fill with this sickly blood! But this is a dream, and I must compel this daemon away! She gazed up to the white sun, it began to extend thin, dim beams of light that seemed to push back the redness of the ocean around it. A bright blue, the sapphire shade of Diame's eyes, shone giving the candescent sun a cerulean corona. The rays swayed like natural waves of the sea and slowly began reaching through the red, revealing clear oceanic waters.
         You inssolent sshite! The venom of mine magickss sshould have prevented you from calling forth on thiss light! The snake from hell opened its snarled maw of charred, twisted teeth and a single giant bolt of searing red lightning pealed as it fulminated forth. 
         Diame stared into the cannon's mouth, with an unflinching resolve. Thou fell daemon that possesses me, Her body could draw breath no more, drowning numbness creeped along her limbs. In Evaz'Sa's hallowed name, She used the last of her expended strength, pulling her exasperated arms up above her, beholding the sphere of light. Creature, begone! The blue aura of the sun grew bigger and brighter, the whiteness of the sun filled it in as it grew. More of the red ocean melted into more pure seawater as the beams outstretched.
        The column of red lightning roiled forth, all the strength of daemonic might shaking all with the breaking of thunder. The beam homed in towards Diame, unrelenting and fast.
        The white sphere of the sun continued to grow and its mass closed the seemingly endless gap between Diame. Its blue aura engulfed Diame, she took a deep breath of sea water, her air restored she panted a sigh of relief. She turned to face the Daemon-Serpent, her blue eyes shone a blazing blue that out shined the sun in radiance. 
        The column of red lightning was up on her, crashing in a fulminating whirl approaching with arching speed.
        At where the lightning would have appeared next, Diame outstretched one of her soft hands out towards the killer bolt. She pulled the lightning towards her, she would not run from this danger, but would wrangle and wrest it to submission. Her eyes burned a hue of blue that made the wispy aura of blue around the sun thicken and become reinforced with power. The cannon of red lightning continued relentlessly from the serpent-crocodile mouth, yet the column faded into a pinprick that formed into a sphere the size of a marble within Diame's hand. The daemon expelled more energy in its rage, but to no avail. Diame held all power the daemon intended to use against her in the palm of her hand, and it continued to grow. Not phased in the slightest by the presence or power of the daemon, the white sun was now encompassing the sea. The white light of the sun permeated through the clear waters, more light filled the sea than water. The redness of the daemon's presence was reduced to circular clouds of bright red at the sea bottom, the rage of the underworld.
        The Daemon-Serpent's lightning began to wane, the glows of blue and red that pulsed along the scaled coils now were dim and faint. The boom and ire of the cannon that threatened Diame's life was now weak and absorbed into her palm. In an instant, the weakened beam thinned into a single glimmering strand, and disappeared. The will of the daemon was strong, but all its strength was diminished. What flesh from face and teeth from maw that had remained attached to its skull had been near completely torn off in the wake of its own cannon. Even the two black spheres that burned with hateful flames now became dull black jewels that glimmered faintly in pathetic spiteful eye-splits. It let out a weakened roar that was nonetheless filled with the bitter hatred of defeat. Foolissh light-dweller. Its black eyes and snarled snake maw glowered with all the flesh that remained that could convey twisted emotion. The aether within you burnss with unquesstionable sstrength. Yet, however you may cling to your meaninglessss defiancce, your wretched light will falter and sshall be added to the greatnessss of the Lordss of Pandaemonium. Fear thiss, the Ssecond God portentss ssuch! Its black eyes squared and locked directly with the glow from Diame's.
        The red marble of condensed lightning spun in her hand, the white sun at her back and she completely engulfed in a solid blue corona. Diame reached forward with her other hand, holding it down towards the daemon in a halt. What you portent compares not to what I will. And my will is strong, and I will your ill presence purged and gone! The white surface of the sun enveloped her back, and absorbed her body inside of it. The light engulfed most of her, except her hands. The red marble flew forward, away from the sunlight as she was completely absorbed within the surface of hot white light. Warmth of the sun filled her, as if she were radiating it out of her own body. The red marble suddenly burst with the force of all the lighting condensed into a single moment. The pealing of thunder split the waters, all was a sphere of air and lightning. It was as if the entire ocean floor broke and crumbled, the sea waters drifting apart in the explosion as if sucked away by the vacuum of space. The white sun now engulfing Diame hurled forward, the blue Corona turning into the tail of a comet. The vastness of the ocean was now the infinite void of space. Every drop of sea water was flung far and every droplet twinkled as infinite stars. The Daemon-Serpent coiled up from some unknown cavern that glowed red with hellfire hovering in space. It alone was within this void and all its openness, the hulking sea serpent-crocodile and the sun hurled at it like a comet of light. At the very center of the sphere, Diame could faintly be seen completely enveloped in bright white light.
        The Daemon-Serpent stood still, an undaunted towering coil. The comet of light collided with the snake in the center of the coil, engulfing nearly all of its body. The force of impact let out an explosion of candescent shards of light that pierced the black scales of the underworld creature. Sounds of glass and ice cracking and crashing in a hailstorm of light shards emanated from everywhere. A final roar of defeat escaped the maw of the serpent, then the head tossed back in the force of the explosion. The comet's mass continued to increase, and the entire serpent was consumed, the maw to hell crumbled to sand and faded. The light grew until the entire void of space was one completely white sun, with Diame in the center, arms outstretched.


        Xavier and Tavian lay on the floor with the sphere of black tar hovering above them in Oakh's guest bedroom. Xavier laid with eyes open, eyes blankly staring at the ceiling. A moment of consciousness returned to him and he tries to sit up every now and again, then his eyes roll back and he once again lay incapacitated. Tavian was on his hands and knees, grabbing at his chest, trying to repel the daemon magick with his arcane defenses. Yet he still felt the countless needles that pierced his skin, nerves and gut, and could do no more but writhe and fight it off.
        Madame Oakh stood still with Mirnada wide-eyed and clinging to Oakh's cloak yet. She stared at the black sphere and felt the malicious will of the daemon spirit. She shuddered in fear and defeat, her heart sank to her feet.
        A tiny pearl of light appeared inside of the black sphere, and in a flash the blackness of the orb turned to blood red, then to blue, then to a white ball of light. The white ball of light hovered in the room, filling the room with pure white candescence. 
        Oakh felt a sudden weight fly from her shoulders, as if the air had been heavier before. She stood taller and gasped for a breath, as if she had forgotten to breathe. Mirnada did the same, feeling as if the air had become thinner suddenly, like a cloud of dark smoke had been removed rom the room. They covered their eyes from the sudden brightness of the sphere of light.
        Tavian suddenly fell head to the floor, holding his sides. His body felt like a million needles were suddenly pulled out of him like an overstocked pin cushion. For every invisible wound, a warm kiss of light filled him that comforted him. He felt as if he were in a sudden deep sleep of well deserved rest that bathed him in warm swathes of healing light.
        Xavier sat up with a gasp, suddenly hearing a distant voice in his head that echoed like a hymn of angels, As they gather strength, her life becomes more endangered. He looked around, seeing only a ball of light that glowed a dim golden yellow, and the room was dark with shadows in all corners of the room. The sphere looked like it were a lampshade with a candle and Diame's shadow within. He saw Oakh and Mirnada covering their eyes from its brightness, even with candescent white reflecting from their hands. They seemed to be moving slower too, like time was almost stilled. But for some reason he could stare directly into this sun. He saw a faint silhouette of Diame in the sphere, but hovering before him were smoky wisps of mist that carved a human form. The clouds of blue and white made a transparent human face that seemed to hover like a mask disembodied over the cloak of fog it wore. “What say you? Name thyself, spirit.”
         The white wind whirled around him, he gasped and inhaled lungs of the light mist. His mind once again echoed in a harmonious song-like voice, If her light is taken, all hope dies with it. The white mask hovered there. White, unblinking eyes pierced right at him. Only the lips and cheeks moved as it sang words. Caelutera will perish. All that live depend up on the safety of this one woman's soul. The mask split with a sharp crack, chips of shimmering glass-sand cascaded down the mask's face and eyes. Heed this with all thy will, or unspeakable calamity will befall up on the world. The mask split apart into large fragments, the broken apart lips still moved in unison like speaking into a broken mirror, The Watchers cometh, the sigils will break. The mask broke again into smaller fragments, the voices multiplied, The Watchers cometh, the sigils will break. The mask fragments split again and again, repeating with more voices and more intensity, The Watchers cometh, the sigils will break!
        Xavier exhaled all his breath, and in an instant time restored to its normal flow with a blinding flash that filled the room, a candescence that even hurt his eyes. The sphere containing Diame returned to a white candescent ball. The fog and broken mask were nowhere to be seen.
        Tavian sat up and crawled back and away from the sphere, regaining his strength. He turned his eyes as well.
        The light from the white sphere swelled, then shrunk to the size of a pearl. Everyone's eyes could one again see with this gentler light, and they looked in relieved disbelief. The sphere was returned to clear soapy bath water, with Diame floating inside. The tiny glint of light emanated from her chest, and she waded with open arms and wide eyes. Before anyone could speak a word, the pearl faded within her. The glassy sphere lost its shape and gravity sent it crashing to the floor, with all the  water splashing in every direction. Water that managed to be recontained back in the bath was shot out as Diame landed harshly in the tub. Sudsy water soaked the entire room, with waves of such sudden strong torrents it left all trinkets on shelves in disarray and the guest beds sodden. Everyone was splashed with the waters, and the scent of spiced konjode grass filled the room. Water droplets trickled from the ceiling, streams went down walls, and water rushed through the floorboards and out the bedroom door, flooding down the stairs and throughout the house. Diame lay nude and unconscious in the tub, curled in a ball. All was silent except for the sounds of water throughout the home and their own panting.
        With quick trots and careful use of her staff, Madame Oakh rushed over to Diame. Mirnada stayed close behind her, still holding onto her coatsleeves. Tavian raised himself and knelt beside the tub with Oakh. She reached forward with her bony hands and felt Diame's chest. No breath moved her lungs. No pulse beat her heart. Oakh reached under Diame's head and held her up from the tub. Oakh looked down at her hands wrapped around her red hair, but the crimson crept past her locks. Blood touched the droplets of her wet skin, dripping down her arms in ruddy chase.  “Oh, Diame!” Oakh wept over her.
        Xavier willed himself up onto his knees, and he crawled weakly to the tub. He placed his hands over the rim and in surreal horror he, Tavian and Mirnada in a circle watched the weeping Oakh cradling the lifeless priestess. “Diame!” He patted her face to rouse her, but glazed eyes still stared skyward. “Merciful God, this can not be so! Diame!” His voice strained and cracked with dry tears, “Diame! Nay, nay!” 
        Tavian shook his head, “The daemon was too much for her, my Arcana was weak, it nary did aught against that wretched being,” he snarled in disgust as he continued, “and fie if now we have not lost.” 
         All that live depend up on the safety of this one woman's soul. A strong memory of words Xavier wasn't sure how he heard refilled his mind. Unspeakable calamity will befall up on the world. It resounded in the same hymnal cadence. He scanned the eyes with everyone who gazed quietly up on Diame. “Nay, you shall not die!” they all looked at him with mixed looks of puzzlement. 
        Tears streamed from Oakh's white and brown eyes as they scorned at Xavier, “What can be done!?” she shuddered and glowered miserably. She began to speak but no words left her lips.
        What can be done? Xavier pondered himself with as well. “This... this can be undone.” he turned to meet with the teary ruby-eyed girl.
        Mirnada stared back at him. “Wot?” 
        “What did you use before?” Xavier reached for Mirnada's hand, she pulled it back with startled reflex. “You cast healing magick on her ere now, did you not?”
        “A-aye, I... I did, but... um.” She gulped, “Iuno how!” Mirnada held her hands up emptily.
        “Child, you do indeed know how!” Madame Oakh put her hands on Mirnada's shoulders and turned her, “You said yourself, you mended her leg!” She tried to meet with Mirnada's face but her head was turned to Diame. Oakh gently placed her hands on top of Mirnada's, “You have the gift of magick. Do not be afraid to use it, child. You wish to help her? You are the only one who can bring Diame back to us.” 
         All eyes were on Mirnada suddenly. Not again... her hands tightened and she gulped. What did I even do to save her before? She made her way to the edge of the bath where Diame paler than moonlight lay. Master... help me... Images of her pushing the bone of her leg back into place to have it mended instantaneously in a rush of violet flames. Breaking the barred steel door open with the fire of her hands. The rush of adrenaline she got when she used her gift. It all came to her in a flash. I can do this. I have to. If I can't, no one's here who can save her now. Oh, I wish I could speak to Diame... She reached forward and placed her right hand on Diame's damp red hair. I will try. Master, now of all times, help me make purple flames and not the bad ones. She held her hand there on her cold head, she could feel the faintest sign of life within Diame like a flickering spark of heat. But she could not feel it change, and her wounds did not heal. Work! She willed herself with all her might, yet to no effect. She saw the violet flames in her mind, but they wouldn't appear. Her hands tightened, and it was as if she were trying to shake the spell out of her by force.
        “Hold child, that is not how you conduct magicks.” Oakh sighed.
        Mirnada willed and envisioned the violet flames, but they would not conjure still. She released her grip and looked up at them, “I-I'm tryin'. I'm sorry, I can't get 'er to open 'er eyes.” Trembling tears began to swell in hers. She closed her eyes and she wept helplessly.
        This can not be, this shall not be. Xavier gazed down at Diame, then back to Mirnada. “I have been taught the basics of healing, useful many a time for a scrape or bruise in battle. Never have I seen any purple flame used in Ijia, but I'm sure the same laws of magick apply to your spells too.”
        Mirnada looked up at Xavier, red in the face “Then wot is i' I c'n do! I want to 'elp 'er just as dearly as you d'!” she shouted, then stopped as she began to choke on her tears.
        Xavier extended his hand over the tub, opened and relaxed. “Take my hand. Together, we will revive her.”
        Take his hand. Master help me, show me again, Marshall! Just once more. She stared at Xavier's hand. The violet flame. She remembered a time when Marshall touched her forehead and the light poured from there. He used her power to heal her own hand, she realized. Channel the power within yourself. That is the key to all secrets of Jorgard Aethermancy locked away in your blood. “Master Marshall!” Mirnada shouted with shut eyes, envisioning the light with all her might. She reached for Xavier's hand, she reached for the violet flames she wished for.
         The moment Xavier felt Mirnada's hand within his, he felt the warm pulses fire aether makes when one conducts it flow through his arm. She deftly contains magick and potential, how to release the spell? He reached within his own memories. An arrow on the battlefield, shot by an enemy. It pierced his steel legging, but did not fully enter. The sharp arrowhead stabbed him, he had to hobble off the field as a novice under a surprise attack. He removed his armor and the arrow with it, but the wound was bleeding severely. He had just learned the basics of Paladin arts the days before, and with his own talent, healed his own leg. Once he was mended, to his own surprise, went back to fight on the battlefield to defend the good of Ijia. That first memory of the spell's success always began his healing spells. He felt the presence of the spirit of mist within him as a powerful light force. He felt the warmth of the light fill him, and let it flow out of his hand to meet Mirnada's.
         A dull ball of candle light appeared between their hands. Mirnada's eyes were still closed, calling for the healing fire. She felt the light from Xavier's hand, it was as if it were trying to draw the spell out of her. The dim orb grew to a dim purple. Mirnada opened her eyes and to her surprise saw the first sign of the light she sought in their hands. I can do this... you did teach me something after all, Master... A circle of violet light emblazoned itself on Mirnada's forehead, she closed her eyes once more.
        The orb between their hands crackled like electricity, and with a spark of light, plumes of violet flames engulfed both Xavier and Mirnada's arms. The flowing river of liquid purple light-glow filled Diame's bath with warm fire, filling it to the brim and covering her completely in light. The room was engulfed in this light, all seemed to be made of dark polished amethyst reflecting the light of the healing bathtub bonfire.
        Mirnada and Xavier felt a wave of euphoria enveloped in the light of the powerful healing spell. It was the nature of magick for the caster to experience part of the spell they were casting. A combination of the church's light aether used with Jorgard ancient spells joined the two in feeling the healing bliss. It was as if they had a months rest instantaneously, yet the spell was not complete. The figure of Diame flickered in and out with the lapping of light.
        Tavian sat on the damp floor and watched the spectacle of the spell. Who knew the kid could heal wounds, but can she really bring back from the dead? From where does she hold this much power?
         Xavier released his hand from the girl's, the sensation felt like severing a never ending current of warming light. He fell backwards suddenly feeling numbness, then back to feeling his natural surroundings. He lay on the damp floor.
         The light swelled and ceased its flow, leaving Diame bathing in light. The violet flames arose as if the bath were oil alit on a lantern cup.
        Mirnada fell backwards as well, the symbol emblazoned on her head flickering. Her eyes and mouth agaped and violet light sprang forth from both, then ceased, and she lay unconscious.
         The light evaporated, burnt into mist by the fire. The mists coalesced into a cloud around the window, and all at once it seeped outside, disappearing into the sky. Tavian and Oakh stared at each other, then hovered over Diame wondering of her fate. 
        “Did they succeed? Is she...?” Madame Oakh brushed her hand against Diame's clammy cheek, and her eyes opened slowly. “Diame! Diame!” she kissed her on the head and put her arms around her. Oakh wept again.
        All was in a haze for her. Diame remembered little, last thing she knew she was taking a bath. As she began to sit up slowly, she began to wonder why Oakh was embracing her, and further why everyone was in the room with her still bare. “Tavian,” Diame asked in whispered, squeak of a voice, “What in the name of all the saints at once happened in here?” her blue eyes widened, locked with his red-hazel.
        He opened his mouth to speak, but wasn't sure where to start. Before he could speak a word, a loud thunderous slam of a door opening shook the house, followed by heavy footsteps. The sound ran up the sodden stairs, then a heavy slip and fall with a loud unknown curse. Carefully and urgently the footsteps made their way to the top of the stairs. 
        A tall, bald, bearded man built like twenty oxen came charging into the room, catching himself in the doorway so the large man didn't slip on the damp floor again. He gave the most abashed look on his grizzled face when he saw the four strangers doing what they were doing with Madame Oakh. With full lungs he shouted, “What in the name o' all the saints at once is happenin' in 'ere?!” he went and knelt beside Oakh at the tub, “Madame, madame!”
        “Aye,” she turned up from Diame, “Oh, Gruph!” she turned to him and even they were both kneeling, Madame Oakh's head only came up to about his chest. She began to stand, to which he helped her. “Many strange things have happened tonight. God have mercy.”
        “Then what were,” the behemoth of a man shook his head in further confusion, “What was making all the light? The whole village saw lights comin' from your window, and-”
        “That is all well,” Oakh said, staring back at Diame, who was staring back at her. Her complexion was now a shade of deep beet red, “Perhaps we should leave her some privacy to dress herself and we can discuss this over some hot tea?” She left the room and descended downstairs with Gruph's help.
        Tavian averted his eyes from Diame and helped Xavier to his feet, Mirnada was moving about and seemed to rouse herself awake on her own. “I'd advise against anymore practical magicks for the night, my lady.” he said as he carried Xavier out.
                        




























                XII.  Night's Auspice


        Not too far off the coast of Ijia, there a black island surrounded by craggy rocks pierce the waters. Entrance is difficult for anyone, so many charter around the area completely to reach the safe harbors of Ijia Castle Town. At the late hour of this night, a group of three in dark robes with donned hoods climbed up the craggy black rocks to reach the flatlands above. It took time, and the ocean of the night was foggy and the sliver of crescent moon did not offer much light. Perfect conditions for infiltrating unnoticed for the brazen trio. Just enough light to navigate among shoals, and plenty of mist to cloak beneath. Although the sea mist made the climb treacherous, they neared the top of their climb.
        A set of hands pulled up a peering cloaked head over the rocks to the flatlands. It was safe, no one else was in sight. “An easy entrance to an uneasy task.” a female voice muttered under her hood. She climbed up and with one arm pulled up the next cloaked follower, then that follower helped the final third. They stood there in the still of the dark night, able to take a breath from their harsh climb. “We find safe grounds and re-arm. None of their clan seems to be around this side of the isle, but they hide and set cruel traps. Do not forget this. We move.” She turned and walked before her followers could utter with quiet respect “As you command, Zenith.” 
        She crouched slightly and moved with graceful silence through the shadows. All the clinking of metal she carried with her was muffled under her cloak. The ground cracked dryly under her feet with occasional rustles of the few blades of dry grass that could grow on the black island. Around a thick nestle of near-leafless trees and a rocky alcove she ducked into a small concealed clearing. She sat and her followers ducked through the dry brush one after another. They sat as well and they each looked around. The pale sliver of the moon was broken through the thatch of tree branches overhead. The brush was thick and they would not be seen.
        The first to sit removed a bone-white stone from her pocket and placed it on the ground. It instantly lit and made a small bubble of light; just enough to see your hands. She waited for a moment and then pulled her cloak off over her head, and the others did the same. She lay the cloak down on the ground and on her many things were strapped to her, some cloth bundles, one was narrow but as long as a small horse. They all had ropes and some climbing gear on, which they removed and placed on their cloaks. They each removed their bundles and lay them in front of themselves, and the followers awaited the leader to speak. “We wait at your command, Zenith Azaria.”
        The dim glow of the stone grew more, and faces were at last revealed. Azaria had silver and gold eyes that pierced into any who looked into them. Her long black-ruby hair was tied together nearly and hung down her back under her armor. Her skin was lily-white, and she had high cheekbones and fierce facial features for a female. She had her light armor on, meant for stealth and maneuvering. Her neck and upper chest were exposed, but her shoulders had darksteel pauldrons. Her body armor was made of darksteel scale plates that covered her stomach and breasts. She had legging clad in layers of thin darksteel plates into tough leather and metal boots. She began undoing the laces on her bundles carefully while she eyed her followers doing the same. “Raven Icargo, Crow Delina, we made such haste here, I feel as if we were meant to be here tonight. The cultists are gathered entire out in the open at the far side of the isle, leaving the rest deserted. They are deftly up to something. And that.” Azaria pointed up to the blue star in the far north with obvious distaste twisting her face, “The new star. Have the cultists begun performing some sort of cursed rites that could violate the sky with such an ominous phenomenon?” She pulled back the dull gray cloth covering the large bundle, revealing a long, darksteel sheathe. A black hilt to a large sword lay inside. The middle of the cross guard had a large eye-shaped stone. Steel was wrought into a shape of eyelids on either side of the hilt, within a dark-red jewel. It looked near-black, but in certain glints of light the gem flared bright orange. “Whatever it may be they do, they nonetheless conspire tonight. The new star could foretell many things, and none of them benefit any but the cult. Or the underworld.” she added knowing her followers would take in the deeper meaning of what lies in the underworld.
        Her followers listened intently as they untied their bundles as well. Delina was a young-looking woman, though her age undefinable. Her dark hair was short in a fashion more suited for a boys, and in the back what short hair was there was pinned up. Her eyes were a bright daffodil yellow that reflected a once soft woman who sloughed off her femininity for the power and responsibility of Shadow Knighthood. Her idol and master were the one and same woman before her. She removed her cloth from her bundle revealing two weapons; a short sword, darksteel blade oiled over years to a mirror sheen, yet the gladius reflected hardly any light. Her other weapon, a scepter about the length of her arm. Two intertwining poles of black and white into a single, short staff, one was darksteel, the other greyish-white wood. They fastened around and bound a silver colored orb. Her sword she kept in its sheath down her side tied around belt strap that circled around her back and front body armor. Her scepter was tied tightly into a bundled holster on her back. She wore similar armor to Azaria's, but there was much less of the heavy darksteel. She wore only a few thin plates of the durable metal inlaid against a light leather bodice that ended in a short steel and leather skirt. Her leggings were stitched dark cloth into soft leather boots inlaid with sable fur. Her preference of lighter armor was to better suit her use of magick. Heavier armor hinders conducting flows of spells, but her magick wouldn't be needed if they stayed shrouded in this dark night. They weren't here to go charging into the nest of the enemy attacking needlessly. They wouldn't even need her magick for defense, she hoped. 
        Icargo was a fairly tall middle-aged man with the sides and top of his head shaved. Tied behind his head was a single shoulder-length braid of dark brown hair tucked beneath his battle armor. He wore darksteel pauldrons and a thin, maneuverable plate of dark steel across his chest, accompanied by thick and light leather armor around his torso and back. He wore leather pants with thin steel panels and metal boots completing his armor. His eyes were blue ice, a constant cold, near-white stare. He looked as though he had charged into battle countless times, seen countless things, and you began to see them if you saw his stare for too long. He, too, had a polished gladius he undid from his bundles and looped a leather strap around his belt, keeping his sword at his side. His other bundle had a crossbow and a box of bolts he held at the ready.
        Everyone put their climbing gear into their robes and they and all the bundles were rolled together and tied around their backs. 
        “We are ready.” Azaria darted a pale hand and snatched the glowing stone from the ground. It dimmed to darkness with a whirr and she pocketed it as she stood. “We walk through the near pitch black of night.” Her Shadow Knights rose as well. “Even though we possess sight in darkness, there are many hiding... surprises.” she said with distaste. “I know this island well enough to know it does not welcome anyone. Be wary with your life and trust your instincts.” her knights nodded. She turned and ducked under the brush into the open fields. She strode with haste through the flatlands, the dry earth cracking quietly beneath her and her followers' feet. 
        Up ahead was more flat earth that went on into darkness. There was some small flickers of light in the far distance, but it was blurred by the scattered thatches of dried trees reaching skyward. The sounds of the ocean crashing against the rocks roared all around them. The rolling clouds of mists pooled in random pockets in the ground. Heavy fog sent the scent of tide pool air all around them and hindered sight. But on they went, speed but with caution. The lights in the distance grew brighter and they ran closer, the fog now thick to their knees. 
        “Halt!” Azaria suddenly stopped in her tracks, dust motes added to the fog beneath her as everyone stood still at the ready. She pointed just on ahead, the fog suddenly disappeared, with the lights a long stones throw away below them. The flatland stuck out on a peninsula overlooking beneath. She crouched down, the cool, moist air enveloping all beneath her eyes. Her gaze skimmed the surface of the deep pool of fog, wisps of white coalescing back into a thick blanket of mist on her wake. Her hands felt the damp ground as she crept closer to the edge. The others followed shrouded in the same way, and the three overlooked the rocky edge to see countless moving people a steep climb beneath them.
        In the valley below many torches were lit in a circle on high metallic totem poles around its circumference. In the center of the valley was a pyramid made of black stone surrounded by a massive crowd of hooded figures. They chanted in a chorus of whispers in perfect unison speaking in words from a previous Era. Azaria knew the words yet the chant she had not heard before. 
        The pyramid was as if a small mountain had been carved down to a flat top and torch-lined stairs. At the top was a large stone slab with a small group of people in jet-black robes. There was one figure that looked like a man, but it was much taller than any other. It dwarfed other men around him, and it wore a black, white and red ceremonial robe and miter. It wielded a size befitting darksteel cudgel in its grip, big enough to be a war hammer in the hands of an ordinary man. The mace had a cruel ball of spikes protruding from it. The tall man stood still holding the cudgel in his arms as if cradling a babe. It seemed to be part of whatever rites they were performing. 
        The wave of voices began to elevate. In the circle of people closest to the pyramid base, they thew up their arms and their chant that had been a whisper elevated to shouting. The cursed hymn became louder in a buzzing of whisper clicks and yells, all words spoken in perfect unison.
        “What is it they do, Zenith?” Icargo asked, his near white eyes blending into the mist perfectly. 
        Azaria kept her eyes locked forward and down on the conspiring cult with disgust. She frowned as she realized the chant they were performing, 
        
        “Rend the souls of Caelutera to the ground,
        Faithful light snuffed out, never to be found.
            Offers the True God, Her peoples' cruor warm,
           The sigils break, the Watchers empty their womb.” 
         
         She eyed Icargo with a nod over her shoulder, “That is what they say.” Azaria swept her eyes to the base of the stairs. A figure of naked skin reflecting torchlight began ascending the steps, the crowd's whisperers throng by throng became shouters as the person ascended. As it took step by step of the black pyramid, the features of a man with his hands bound behind him and blindfolded glowed in firelight. They mean to give an offering tonight. Rites for what purpose? She kept her focus to observe the beginning of the inevitable. Her and her two knights watched and waited. What they came to do. The man ascended with careful reluctance up the pyramid, those to be sacrificed that fall are forced to reclimb. As he was nearing halfway up the ebony steps, the flatlands held an arena packed shoulder to shoulder of chanting cultists, reverberating their chant in oldtongue gutteral groans.
         The sight of what was being performed in front of Delina chilled her, but her trained nerves retained their steel. Years of hearing mere rumors of the cult plotting and conspiring, years of finding only a handful of cultists in our hunts, years of hearing Azaria's tales of their masses... Never in my dreams would I think so many existed in Caelutera, much less right in the Ijian seas! They conspire to kill, but why? To please their God? She shook her head, yet continued to watch. Nay, it must be a rite to a powerful spell. Those hollow shells of men will spill living blood to perform execrable daemonic magick. To what purpose? The new star above head must be what stirs them so, but why? She uneasily kept looking down at the dark scene unfolding before her from the dizzying height.
        The blindfolded man's cut feet ascended the final few black stone steps. On his last step he took an extra unknowing no stairs remained, then stumbled to his knees. He kneeled nude save his bindings, the firelight cast awkward shadows across the skin of his back. The tall man in the ceremonial black, white and red robe took a step forward and keeping his cudgel cradled, he raised a single hand. Utter silence. The chorus of voices halted in a moment, every hooded head crooked, bated for bloody spectacle. The tall man put his left hand over the man's head, its huge grip pulled and rest the victim's head on the marble-stone slab. He removed it, and remained still in even more silence.
        Knives of chills ran down Azaria's back, the same sensation affected Delina and Icargo as well. They crouched uneasily, watching and waiting. The black pyramid surrounded by frozen hoods, statues of men. The torch-lined circle's flames grew skyward as hellish pillars, as if yearning to set the moon alit. The tall man lowered the cudgel he swathed to his side, then paused. The ocean roared all around the island, lunatic waters ebbed and crashed into the craggy walls from every side. Azaria could only hear the booming mixed white noise crashing from all directions, the waves building louder and louder, until every wave sounded the same from everything around her. Whatever it took, she stared, waited, and listened.
        The tall man raised his cudgel high above his head with both hands, if the victim could look up, the scythe of the moon crowned the cudgel. With one swift swing, the weapon met the stone slab, and the tall man stood still in his red and black ceremonial robe. The headless body was all that remained. The marble slab lay besmeared and soaked with what looked like slick oil reflecting the crescent moon. The blue star twinkled within the blood pool dubiously as well. The tall man leaned forward and grabbed the headless body of the victim by the legs with a single hand. He hung the body upside down, dangling and shaking the corpse dry of all its blood. He discarded it over the slab, and it rolled and tumbled down the steps of the pyramid. He took his cudgel, and lay it on the side of the slab. He held his hands up high, and beseeched the moon in the sky, hovering them over the reflection in the pool. The stone slab was flat, but it looked as if it were a deep basin of glistening black-rubies. The oily slick ebbed to one side of the stone slab, and syrupy like slow tar cascaded down the black marble pyramid, step by step. The reflection of the pale moon on the bloody slab began to stretch against the surface of the pyramid. The top crescent tip remained within the basin of the slab, but the image of the lower end of the moon crept over the slab's edge. A sliver of silver slithered down the black pyramid through the reflection of the bloody steps. A serpent of moonlight grew as it dominated each step, emblazoning the mirror of the moon huge across the side of the pyramid. 
        The ocean waves continued their torrent against the island with vehement force, the ground shook slightly with each crashing boom. The torch pillars spun wild sparks from them that arched glints of raining fire. The clouds in the sky twisted in a circle, like a hole had been made in the heavens. The circle of clouds encompassed the blue star, haunting waves of blue effulgence filled them. The blue star began to twinkle wildly, a glimmering single blue spark that would burst and ignite the night sky. 
        A glower of rage twisted Azaria's face, hidden beneath the shroud of mist. Fie, if I had known they conspired to cast such a powerful spell, I could have stopped them. Why did I not know of an intent of this magnitude? Have they truly grown in power so much they can perform such rites with a single mere mortal sacrifice? As if answering her question, the accursed sapphire crowning the night sky began to open, a blanket of clouds swathed like eyelids around the blue eye-shaped star. 
         The skies menace and grow eyes!? Nay, they couldn't truly be summoning a Watcher! She shifted where she hid among the mist. If a Watcher were to be summoned, she thought even she would be unable to stop such a thing. She watched and waited, the only thing they could do.
        The blue eye was like a vortex of cloud wisps, forming a thick swirled eyelid and the glassy orb of the eye was bent blue starlight. Within it, stray plumes of mist spun in the glow of the light, it looked like a giant winking marble. The blueness of the iris was more intense than the pale light of the moon, and the night was alight by this single star's light. The ebbing of the ocean was met by squalls of air howling from above. All around her, Azaria heard the trees' leafless branches rattling like clattering rib cages.
        The man in the ceremonial robe lowered his hands, as if the ritual were complete. The besmeared pyramid reflected the crescent of the moon and the eye of the star, as if pulling the light from the sky down onto itself. The tall man stood over the basin of blood and placed a single hand over it, the black slick roiled and bubbled furiously. 
        The power to do THIS much dark magick!? On my life, I've ne'er witnessed a Lich Lord even withstand the light of the moon. So banished to the darkest regents of their caves, how could he even enter the night? He execrates and unhallows the sky as freely as a bloody street mage peddles parlor tricks! She involuntarily punched the hard packed flat earth with her gauntleted hand. We have come far too late, I could have put an end to this!
         The pool of black liquid roiled and coalesced smaller until the remains of bubbling blood was a small floating orb. It glowed faintly with a red light, then the blood began to freeze and crystalize, become transparent and shed a foul light. There hovered a red gemstone the size of a human fist, it glimmered brilliantly with wicked luster. The man in the ceremonial robes encompassed it in one of his hulking hands. A twist to the grey-leathered, older than old looking face of the tall man rendered a foul smile that scorned the very emotion of the humans that make the same facial expression. The gem it had was the fruit of all the night's efforts, the Lich dreamed of what fouler more heinous deeds he could force up on the world now. This dark satisfaction is what made it bare its full teeth in a smile of relished hatred.
        Every alarm in Azaria's mind rang true of what she could not believe before her eyes. The dark had been subdued for hundreds of years, now they are powerful enough again to create a gemstone that houses a living soul, bereft of body? She deduced the sacrificed must have not been a regular man, but one that had the gift of aethermancy, the ability to conduct the flows of aether around them.
        The substance of a soul is made up of elemental aether, the very same life-giving spirit energy that dwells within all forms of matter. From wind and warm sunlight to rocks and rivers, the abundance and diversity of Caelutera's natural sources of magick gives potential for aethermancers to shape the elements to their will. The aether born within humans resonates with natural elements of the same color, and the intent of the caster conducts the elements into a spell. Evaz'sa controls the cycle of souls, and thus aether is reborn into human bodies and lives to experience sentience, then when the body dies and decays, the soul will continue to retain memories and knowledge gained in life. Souls of the departed reunite with God within her infinite aetherlight of the sun, to continue the cycle of life. 
        However, the results of underworld magick is meant to corrupt the flow of aether, to claim the magick that creates life for their own ends. Through their wicked rites, the magick-wielding essence of a person can be condensed down into a physical gem, its aetherlight free to be fed up on by any power hungry hound. The Lich Lord held pure power, a renewable energy and sentience encased in a stone. The underworld always has sought powerful mages to harvest their soul gems, however, the underworld had not been able to use that ability on the surface of Caelutera for hundreds of years. Azaria disconcertedly stared up at the sky adorned with a blue star shaped like an eye. What venomous magick has been spread into the world as quickly as the serpent bites?!
        As if bored from lack of attention and now taken with sleep, the eye in the sky winked and the light it shed ebbed with it. The clouds shifted and moved in random directions, the eyelids opened beyond the eye of the star, and faded into winds. The blue marble flashed, shedding all its light at once, then returned to the faint blue twinkling of how stars usually twinkle. It was once again the same size as it was before, the northward star continued to loom in the sky.
        The winds that stirred above turned their fury below and the sky bellowed down a mighty gale that threatened to tear the flames out from their torches. A hurricane engulfed the island, Azaria braced herself against the cold sea air that chilled against the pale skin of her face and chest like abrasive ice. All the trees rattled viciously, and even the fog enveloping the isle evaporated into the vehement winds. As the squall held Azaria, she could only cover her eyes to battle motes of dust with one hand and the other grabbed the ground to not be lifted back. Delina and Icargo braced themselves heavily too, wholly unprepared for what they were experiencing this evening.
        The tall Lich Lord gazed at his prize, the glowing red gem. The crescent moon lurched back up the pyramid in a single motion. The torches died down, and the torrents of wind settled like a storm had passed through. The oceans at last calmed. The ritual was complete, the elements at last rested. With a sudden jerk, the Lich Lord focused its hateful smile  straight towards Azaria's hidden vantage. Her cloak of mist had been blown away, revealing the three cliffside Shadow Knights in plain sight. The gem in his hands flared, and his dead eyes glowed red. He raised his other long bulky arm and pointed one of his long pointed fingers directly at Azaria. He opened his maw of long, crooked teeth and let out a sound that could have drowned out all the previous sounds at once. A terrible howl that carried incredible distance filled the open flatlands. A red light was within the Lich's mouth, and all the hooded crowd below all moved in the same sluggish motions. They all turned and halted facing up to Azaria, Delina and Icargo above in the firelight. An uproar of angry shouts from all the hooded cultists added to the wail of the Lich. The crowd split and formed into swarming platoons marching towards unseen paths in the crags to the fields up above to hunt where the Zenith Azaria and her Shadow Knights dared enter.
        A twist of rage glowered Azaria's face further. If they charge us, I will be forced to use the sword I must not. Yet, I can't allow a Lich Lord to keep one of those. She focused her silver and gold eyes furiously on the red gem the Lich held. They can't be allowed to use that! A Lich who can withstand moonlight, much less any kind of light, and can manipulate and corrupt all light the night bears. And now, he can freely condense souls into crystals for what end the cult needs them. The Lich ceased its shout and picked up its bloody cudgel. He carried the glimmering red gem and mace in either hand and he began descending the bloodied steps of the pyramid in long strides, he wanted Azaria most of all.  Whatever the cost, I intend to undo what I must. “I have a plan.” She arose quickly and turned to her followers, “For now, we run! Back through the fields!” They both gave a start, then they all ran away from the bloody clamor.
        The blanket of mist was gone from the winds, and the ground was exposed. They ran across the hard packed dirt as fast as they could, the only light was the crescent moon, though even that seemed tainted. Back through the dark open fields that seemed to stretch onward into an infinite void. But they ran fast across the black ground and limited dry grass. They reached a point in the middle of the field, then Azaria began to see a sea of cloaked heads just a few striding paces ahead of them. The three of them stopped, Azaria backed up and stood. She looked around her, the same squirming shapes of cloaks surrounded them all around, hiding within the darkness. “We stand our ground. Here!” She drew a long sword with a thin blade. I can not slay them with the Brevynard. If I do, it won't matter how many I cut down! This sword she produced from a bundle on her back, just below the giant greatsword with the brilliant orange-red gemstone within it. It was long and narrow darksteel, made for quick slashes. The Katana will be sufficient enough for these daemon-worshippers. I'll save the Brevynard for Him. She swung the sword in a swoop and arched her blade in a battle stance. 
         Delina quickly had her scepter in her hands. She clenched the leather binding the two twisted materials together. Darksteel and White wood, carrying a silvery orb. The ability to fight those who desecrate in the dark, with their own element. Arcana magic has served me well. She envisioned a giant black sun, and began conducting darkness energy up through the metal of her scepter. The mirror-like surface of the orb darkened and reflected no light, a sphere blacker than the dim night. The skill to convert darkness aether into light magic, that is my gift. She envisioned the black sun stretching beyond what her mind could see, until all the void of space was in fact filled with the darkness of the black sun's light. When the power of darkness full enveloped her mind, she began to see pinpricks of stars appear through the mesh. Then all became light, and her mind was filled. She snapped back to reality, and the sphere of silver on her scepter now was bright and incandescent. Light spilled across the ground and the edges of dark hoods. Pale as death hands with bony fingers hung from their black robes' sleeves. The cultists surrounded them, faceless hood after faceless hood. They all stood a short stones throw away from the trio. Delina's daffodil eyes widened. She swung the scepter in different directions, shedding flares of light left and right. So many of them! What does Azaria have planned!? She stood her ground, weapon at the ready.
        Unfastening a strap holstering his crossbow, he stood ready with it at his side. A long, piercing bolt of darksteel was knocked from a wooden box that dispensed a bolt at the touch of a button. Without looking, Icargo routinely placed the bolt in his crossbow. His gladius hung at his other side, at the ready if they enclosed them too much. His mind was clear and focused, flares of light from Delina's scepter hung in the air and lit up his ice blue eyes. He could only see the shapeless ruffle of cloaks amid a dark enclosing curtain of cultist cloaks. He aimed towards a single cultist, the closest one to them as he could judge, and without second thought, shot. The trigger snapped a mechanical sinew, and with a quick whip of the wind, the steel arrow found home within the hood of a cloak. A visible protrusion of arrow feathers from the hood was sure of the target, and the creature took another step or two, then collapsed forward onto itself. Other advancing cultists trampled as they step by step enclosed up on them.
        Underneath the feet of every cultist, a circle of thick fog began to fill once again the blackened earth. Tendrils of clouds crept across the ground, blanketing motes of fog were kicked up to the sky under countless cultists. A few of Delina's flares hung in the sky a treetop's height above them, and the battlefield was lit by hovering incandescent spheres. They lit the swirling fog unnaturally.
        Azaria stood at the ready with her long blade. She took a couple steps forward, but not enough to leave her knights unprotected. She waited for the threat to dare to creep closer. They did.
        Bolt after bolt was fired, steel pierced skull at a single push of a trigger. Icargo aimed and fired, the bow gun snapped in repetition. Hood after hood was pierced and the cultists fell one after another with guttural sounds of pain inflicted to things that once were human. He shot faster, a bolt hit a robed chest, the cultist kept walking. He shot another at the same one. Hit in the chest again. Black tar poured forward down the furls of the robe, and it collapsed with a gurgling wail. He must have downed six or seven, and each of their corpses were trampled, unmourned. 
        Another flare was fired from Delina's scepter, it hung low in front of her. She could almost see under the hoods of the cultists before her. Dark maws, some toothless with older than old looking members. Some mouthes snarled and snapped with foul, twisted teeth. All their skin was deathly pale from never seeing sunlight. Most winced their eyes that glimmered like round black pearls encased in eyelids of dead flesh. One of them hated the light more then the others, it seemed, and it charged straight for her. She was almost taken aback that she was targeted by one, but she knew what must be done. Before the distance was closed, she held out her scepter. Light filled her eyes, and a flamethrower of white fire burst forth in a wide vortex. She aimed it directly towards the cultist running towards her, and he was completely engulfed in fire. He let out a hoarse yell, and the running figure was burnt to cinders in a moment. A pile of smoking charred cultist corpse donned with a robe of ash lay before her, the last few plumes of white fire left the body, with a single outstretched hand only a pace from her. She shuddered, but had no time to disgust the creatures. The cultists hated her fire and she could feel a creeping sensation against her, like their hatred of her directly caused her this malice. She stood unwavering nonetheless, her scepter clutched tight. 
        All around them the crowd of cultists enclosed the gap tighter with every moment. As they grew too dangerously close, Azaria felt her instincts telling her to strike. She leapt forward, body twisting while still retailing her battle stance. She arched her blade and landed with a sudden turn just before the throng of robes started. The single slash she made cut through the cloth robes, and three hooded heads fell before their feet. Then their bodies landed atop their tops, and Azaria arched her blade once more. Two cultists, one female and the other male, charged forward with hidden ritual knives in their hands. Their pale white skin wielding blades flashed towards Azaria, and with a single swoop of her long sword and a dodge, she severed the woman's arm, and the man straight through his torso. The cultist cut through the half fell to the ground, then dragged himself closer to her, and with another arched slice to the ground, she severed the head. The one handed cultist strained her throat with an ear piercing scream and cowered back into the crowd of huddled robes. Azaria stood eyes-wide, burnished silver and gold staring, daring any to step closer. The crowd stopped.
        The cultists stood on top of some of their fallen, and they would not walk further to trample more of their dead and face Azaria. The cultists surrounded them to just where their many fallen lay around the three shadow knights. Hanging hoods permeated hatred from faceless faces. They stood there encircling them, refusing to come closer.
        They hesitate for I refused to use the Brevynard on them. Utter madness. They fear death, which they worship, and won't sacrifice their own coward lives unless it benefits the cult. She kept her blade held, she would not move for as long as they didn't.
        There was a strange stillness in the air. The sounds of a still crowd, all breathing and snarling and growling. Unmoving. 
        Delina gave a sudden start, she felt hot sweat and light headedness like she was falling into a fiery abyss. Before she could react, she could feel the fire burning, in the distance. She turned her head and tried to peer over the swarm of hoods. Ascending from stoney crags between thick branched thatches was an uncanny red glow. She could feel the presence of a powerful hateful glee, the twisted mind of a powerful once-human. The bright red glow against dark stone grew more intense and made silhouettes of trees. As it moved closer, Delina could feel the sensation of heat more intensely, as if the Lich Lord directly emanated it from wherever it was in the glow. Hoods stood with backs turned to a misty forest with a glowing red cave.
        There was a rumble of trees, some suddenly crumbled to the earth, and treetops were tossed side by side. Leafless trees crashing against one another, the snaps of breaking mighty oaks smashed against each other as they rattled and resonated. Huge plumes of dust and mist filled the sky in a great column that dispersed in higher winds. It was a glowing mist nebula surrounding the crushed trees, a single red glint was filling the cloud with light. Holding it was a tall silhouette wielding a swinging cudgel. Its ceremonial robes were tattered and bloodied, and intense red light was aglow within the Lich's dead eyes and mouth. It was letting out a constant, low bellow that sounded like rumbling human vocals strained with all their might to announce scorn and hatred. It pointed its cudgel straight towards Azaria, and snarled leathern lips around twisted teeth into a grim grin. With a sudden lunge it started into a run out through the dust clouds, its red light conflicting the hovering white flares. 
        “We charge!” Azaria leapt forward as soon as she gave the command. She went striking forward and vertically cleaved a cultist straight down the middle. She recovered her stance, and with long swoops began wilding carving a path into hooded robes.
        Icargo and Delina charged, matching Azaria's speed just behind her. Icargo had a handful of bolts nocked, he loaded one after another with one hand and pulling the trigger with the other has he ran. Lunging cultists were met with a shot straight to the head. Their right flank he covered with his bowgun fire.
        Running along the left, Delina held out her scepter and let it emanate a steady, floating wall of white flame. Cultists backed away from the heat and light, others flung themselves into the wall of glassy flames attempting to somehow harm the shadow knights. But, all pale-skinned wretches who touched the fires were burnt to smoldering cinders in a near instant. Hovering high above her were her flares of white flame, wobbling through wind with them like balloons in tow. But the light they shed could no longer reach them. They hung over their heads, and the closer she got to the Lich, the stronger the abysmal burning sensation crept over her. The night's darkness was restored with every step, her orbs growing darker as if their light absorbed by an invisible fog. The mere presence of this once-human eats away all my light flares! The glints trailed dimly above them. She felt she entered a bubble of darkness light couldn't enter. Even the moon and the blue eye of the watcher seemed to be engulfed in the blackness of the night sky.
        The cultists continued to bar their way, they each swiped quick flashes of darksteel. Azaria could still see well in this dark, but could only cut away at so many of them at once. A trail of slain cultists lay in the shadow knights' wake, yet they still remained barred by hoods with barely seeable once-human faces and pale flashes of skin wielding small ritual weapons. 
        Behind the crowd of hoods, the Lich raised his hand and all the cultists moved strangely as if puppets on a string. The crowd of a colosseum awkwardly stumbled onto themselves and parted into a circle of dozen strides, and now a dark open field lay between the Lich and the shadow knights. The Lich held his ruby gem up high, as if trying to outshine the remaining dwindling light with his own. 
        Azaria and her knights continued their race through the battlefield. She flew through the dark flatland, the tall once-human stood in a pool of its own red-hot light. The heat emanating from it burst like the three had leap into an oven by stepping within the red light. The shadow knights held their weapons battle ready beneath the tall man, who hulked over them about an arms distance in height. With a quick swing of steel, her blade met between spikes of the Lich's cudgel. With all her might she pushed against the knock back, and dug her feet into the hard packed earth. They pushed their weapons against each other in a gritty grip.
        As the heat of the Lich's presence scorched her, Delina felt it more difficult to grasp onto her magick. She felt as if she were trying to hold onto her own magick presence of her astral sun, she could see it, but it was engulfed in all the dark magick surrounding the Lich. I can't even tap into my own magick while I'm near him! What can I even do!? She anguished helplessly as Azaria held off the strength of the Lich. 
        The Lich towered over her, his neck elongated and bent down in Azaria's face as she held the blade of her katana firmly wedged between the bloodied spikes of the darksteel cudgel. His eyes were like slimy black pearls glaring at her in red light, his long, crooked teeth were wide releasing a bellow that rang her ears and even fouler was the Lich's breath that grit her nostrils with rank death. The red light from his eyes and soul gem coursed through him and his weapon, the evil energy of the daemons. She could feel the call to use the weapon she should never use. The blaring orange-red eye of the Brevynard on her back burned through her like a pike of hot coals as if the heat from the Lich and the evil within the sword fused through her. Fie! He even can will the gem in the sword to resonate with his own power! But, what can possibly force the powerful arcana sword to bend to the will of a Lich?! That accursed gemstone! Holding her katana against the pressure of the Lich took every last ounce of strength to not be toppled over by him, quickly she reached around her back and grabbed the heavy hilt of the hulking great sword. As soon as her hand met the well worn black leather wrapped around the sword, her strength peaked. The true power of the leader of the Shadow Knights, the wielder of the Brevynard. The arcane magicks flowed through her, and her swords were drawn. In one arm she held the katana fending off the Lich, and with this strength she held the great sword in her other hand. She felt the magicks manipulating her, arcane aether moving her muscles effortlessly, and she for a time could perform feats wrought from this arcane, unhallowed strength. But there was a wrongness in her magick, she felt the Lich's presence within the soul gem, feeding off its energy, something he should not be able to do. With a swing of the large blade, she struck the Lich on his cudgel, hitting him with the force of both her weapons. The sudden clash of metals echoed a loud metallic clang that heralded the battle of these ancient magicks. The tall Lich had to take a step back himself to prevent from doubling over, but he had quickly recovered and already swung his cudgel back at her. Azaria deflected it with the Brevynard alone. She held him off once more, she tried to further tap into the magick of her sword, if she could fire up its power strong enough, she could overcome the Lich. Even though she didn't want to use this power, she had no choice.
        Coming from all around them, hooded figures began entering the circle of red light. Their faces could clearly be seen under their robes now, pale-skinned faces reflecting red and squinting black eyes from the light. Their mouths were all open glowers, snapping and growling. They swung their ritual weapons in wild motions at the shadow knights.
        A blade sliced right by his face, cutting the air and missing narrowly. Icargo turned, a cultist had thrown a knife at him, he stood with one pale arm extended, the other readying to launch another. Oh, nay, my friend. You won't be doing any more of that. Icargo raised his bow gun, and the cultist wound his arm. A quick pull of the trigger, a snapping of metal and bolt fired from his cross bow. It struck the thrown knife, it deflected and ricochet off. The bolt, however, found home with a fanfare of burst blackened blood in the cultist's throat. It reached for its neck in a final motion and then fell to be trampled as more and more cultists lunged at Icargo, luckily not all could throw knives, but they wielded them deadly enough. He fired and kept them at bay best he could.
        A female cultist approached Delina. She had long white hair parted in the middle hanging down her hood, her face was like white, oily leather. She had sunken in black pearl eyes, and a mad grin on her toothless mouth. Is there no end to them!? She held her scepter with both hands, holding the spiraled white-wood and dark-steel coils that ended in a silver orb. The black sun was dimmed by an overpowering red light. No white fire produced for her. “Damn it all!” Delina felt a twisting hopelessness as the female cultist lunged towards her, a ritually carven kris dagger in her hand. Before the cultist drew too close, her eyes closed and Delina had herself in a full spinning motion. She felt her scepter hit something, she cautiously opened her eyes, and the cultist lay on the ground, bludgeoned in the head. Black-pearl eyes stared off into nothing, a white face covered in black blood and a toothless grin still twisted with glee. The Astra mage shuddered, but before she could disgust too long, and several more cultists were before her, each with a crudely fashioned ritual dagger. “Zenith, help me!” Delina pleaded with what remained of her panting breath. But, she turned to look where metal clanging against metal rang loudest, and there Azaria deflected blow after merciless blow. The Lich, weapons-locked with the Zenith, her leader wielding the Brevynard against the Lich. I am a fool! No one is here to save us! She felt a warm, dank and rank as the grave breath on her back. She spun round, a cultist, a man with a face half rotted with maggots writhing out of white flesh grinned in the blaring red light, his bony hands reaching to touch the skin on Delina's shoulders. She shrieked and jumped back, the old cultist stumbled forward after her, he gave her a mocking giggle acknowledging her fear. She turned and ran towards Icargo, shrieking again in disgust, exhaling whatever breath she might have breathed of his. As she closed the stride, she looked back and didn't notice all the other cultists standing just outside of the red light. One by one they began to enclose up on them in the circle of the red light, exposing under every hood and each revealing a hideous face.  She felt the overwhelm, the panic. She approached Icargo and put her back against his, “We cannot possibly fell them all, especially so, I am unable to tap into my magicks as long as we remain in the presence of this Lich!” She and he were surrounded by the flanks by cultists, but the Lich stood between, “We must aid the Zenith!”
        The Lich brought back his weapon, and struck repeatedly against the wide and flat darksteel blade Azaria held against him. Each strike she met and returned, deflecting the blow with the Brevynard with one hand, her other wielding the katana. Cultists dared approach her while she fought their leader, wielding long daggers and striking at her between blows delivered from the Lich. She swung the Brevynard up and struck against the Lich's ever in motion cudgel, and then quickly swung her katana to parry the blades of the enclosing cultists. Metals clashed furiously, Azaria willed more power from her dark sword, the heat emanating from the gem within the hilt surged through her veins, her muscles twisted and tensed with agony, then with a fierce strike, landed a mighty knock back on the Lich's weapon. He stumbled back for another moment, but more white-leather-faced cultists lunged at her. With one arm, she raised the long, thin edge of the katana and using only the quick cutting of the long, light blade. She made quick dispatch of the robed once-humans with their short daggers. The blade sliced through the attacking robes, she didn't bother taking count or how many at this point, and left a pile of mangled bloodied cloth and stinking death of what remained of them. Azaria turned, The Lich had already recovered and struck again with his cudgel, she deflected it entirely, she sliced up at him with the katana, leaving a vertical slice up its belly and chest. Skin tore, sinew sliced, and bones were cut. But not a single drop of blood shed, not a single wince of pain could be found within the glower of infinite hatred the Lich wore on its once-human face. The Lich clutched the glimmering red gem in its hand, the solid red light it emitted coalesced into a thick haze of light, and in a stream, began to wrap wisps of red light around the Brevynard. The blaring vermillion gem of the cursed sword began to wane its own brilliance, and even worse, trickles of orange energy began to flow back through this spiral of mist. She felt weakness, a fatigue she normally felt after a battle using the power of the ancient sword, but never so much strength left her while she still wielded it. The sensation of hot coals pressed against her returned, all over her body this time. It felt like her strength was literally flowing out of her blade in waves of heat. She felt her power falter, the heavy Brevynard gaining weight, and still only wielding it with one arm, it fell to the ground in her hand. Azaria fell to a knee, and began to pant in desperate panic. She felt lightheaded, dizzy, unable to even will conscious thought. Beads of sweat raced down her face in persistent chase.
        The Lich kept his cudgel raised, but he held out the soul gem. A cone-like vortex appeared beneath the gem, and thin tendrils of orange waves stemmed from the eye of the Brevynard. A slow moving spiral of spiritual energy began to unravel from Azaria. All the wisps extended out from her, and regardless of their direction, once it touched the red light of the Lich's gem, all of Azaria's orange light were absorbed into it as he drank from a well of her life force.
        A glint of darksteel passed through the cascades of light, and a crossbow bolt pierced the head of the Lich. It stuck through his temple to the back of his skull, a scowl of mild irritation twisted the leathery skin around its black eyes. He turned his gaze and unyielding bellowing towards the two weapons-drawn shadow knights running towards him, then in spite, more and more tendrils of bright orange produced from Azaria. The gem in the Brevynard dimmed to black. The mist spiraling from Azaria looked like ropes entwined with orange and gold light, then the orange turned to scarlet, then flickered between darkening to the color of blood and back again. She doubled over and leaned on both her weapons, letting out agonized groans that could barely be heard over the bellowing Lich. He had a wicked satisfaction on his pale face, and he arched his his spiked mace high, the crescent moon clouded in a miasma crowned the cudgel from its dark throne in the obscured sky.
        “Nay!” Icargo stopped at the short stride he was away and readied a bolt.  “Stop, you vile abomination!” He raised his bow gun to the level of his eye, and carefully, and with true refined talent, let a bolt fly. With true aim, it struck the gem in the Lich's hand. A steel against glass clang resonated, and the bolt found home in the rotted flesh hand holding the jewel tight. The red pool of light they were within flickered, and the intense waves of heat surrounding them ceased and cooled for a moment, only to return. The spiraling ropes of light wobbled like each layer were its own top-off-balance and nearly fell apart and unraveled into mist, but the aetherial ropes floated back into place in a perfect spiral. But, it was just the distraction needed to buy time for Azaria. 
        The Lich turned to Icargo, even more enraged at the minor annoyances he never even compared to the threat of Azaria, and even she had been subdued. He held the gem tighter in his hand, trying to bleed more energy from it. Icargo fired bolt after bolt at the soul gem, the Lich moving the gem to protect it and deflecting the bolts with his arm and mace. A bolt or two hit the gem and the light at heat ceased for moments, or pierced the Lich's flesh like small protrusions of bolts along its arm. 
        As the gem was struck and shaken, the gold, orange and red strands of the spiraling rope began to unravel like threads, each one one of those three colors, then they dissolved into mists of light. Azaria leaned on her weapons, panting still, but she felt her strength gradually returning to her. The Lich was only a few steps from her, merely his attention turned, his ceaseless wrath soon to be released onto her shadow knights. How could he tap into such power? Have I lead us to defeat bringing us here!? Her burnished gold and silver eyes widened as the Lich twisted its face at Delina and Icargo, and she gasped. “Never.” she let out in a breathy mutter to herself. Her grip on the Brevynard tightened. “I will never taste defeat...” The gem within the eye-lid shape of the hilt was a dull black. She forced herself to her feet. Every one of her muscles ached and burned, the strain from being forced to used the cursed sword, like a hot coal had been pressed against each muscle in her body to will it to move. She stood with a weapon in each hand, the Breyvnard heavy and blade touching the ground, and she held the katana outward. One chance. She sheathed her katana in the hidden bundle on her back. She used the strength of both her arms to hold up the heavy and mighty greatsword, the cursed Brevynard. The long curve of the wide and flat darksteel blade was etched with intricately woven ivy leaves and thorns in the black metal, it almost didn't look like a sword at all. The gem was still black, small glints of orange in catches of light, but nothing else. Azaria took a deep breath, and concentrated on the image of a black sun. It was a large blackened ball of magma, orange-red pouring from tiny cracks in the pumice surface. It eclipsed a blaring red light, and could not shed any of its own. It looked sickly, corrupted, violated, raped, even. Oh you always were strong, and cunning, and now you're nothing more than a shell of a man but with strings tied to the hands of Archdaemons. “Damn shell of a man... unhallowed life without end!” she tightened her grip on the sword till she was white-knuckled. The orange cracks in the black sun began to shift, every plate of the pumice earth shifted and cracked apart, small continents swallowing into an orange, churning sea of fire. The glow of this sun emanated stronger and stronger, and the gold light expanded beyond the red, a burning medallion sun crowned perfectly in her mind was all she could see.
        The tall man in tattered ceremonial robes was turned with sizing up Icargo's strength, distract with devising cruel ways to use his cudgel. But, sensing a furnace of power, the Lich crooked his head around. Azaria stood there in an aura of brilliant vermillion, eyes aglow with scarlet light.
         “I'll end you.” she uttered, and the black gem of the Brevynard flared brighter than her own light with bursts of gold and orange. As the Lich turned with an arch in his cudgel wielding arm ready to strike, Azaria leapt through the night air, eyes focused on the gleam he held. With a fast dodge and swing of the cursed blade, black fire burst forth in a blink from where she cleaved through the hand the Lich coveted the gem in. The dark flames dissipated into ashen embers at the severed arm and wrist of the ancient flesh. Its leathery grip tightened around the gemstone as the hand heavily fell to the ground. The gem and undead hand tumbled across the ground, spilling light in every direction in a roll into the crowd of cultists. In a stretched moment, the thick, dark gloom overhead, the menacing heat and red light from the Lich, it all condensed and swelled into the gem, concentrating into a single ball of light encased within the glassy red walls of the fist-sized gemstone. 
        The pale white glow of looming light was restored to the battlefield in an instant, hiding hooded faces. The fingers of the hand writhed and gripped, desperate to still draw magicks from it, the vain efforts of the still animated flesh. 
        The sound of the Lich's bellow continued, but without the force of power it once had. It was weaker now, within a more human vocal range. The sounds it made mourned the loss of the soul gem, he could care less about the rent undead flesh. With vengeance, he turned, swinging his cudgel at Azaria, she parried it with the Brevynard and they were once more weapons-locked. But once his strength was sapped, the Lich was no more as strong as a tall man. Against the weight of her weapon, he faltered to a knee, his face at eye level with Azaria now. He continued to bellow a weaker, yet ear splitting yell with perhaps a touch of genuine fear. 
        “Oh, would you to be silent!” shoving the Brevynard forward, she clashed the weapons together, forcing the spiked cudgel swinging backwards to pummel into the Lich's leathery face. A hard blow was dealt straight to its nose and mouth, it made a short, whimpering howl from receiving the unexpected blow, then Azaria was met with bated silence, while liberating a few of his gnarled teeth in the process. The Lich fell back onto itself, the tall man crouched in a huddle of tattered ceremonial robes. Azaria turned and scoured the ground among the middle of the crowd, white light beams were spilling up through shadows of robed legs. The gem! She charged towards the light beams, the Brevynard in hand. The cultists in her way had their attention turned to the gem, they coveted its power as much as any Lich Lord, but they still barred her way. She swung the blade broad sided, she dared not land a cut of the cursed blade to their flesh, merely the force of flat metal was enough to fell them over. A few hoods were struck from behind and collapsed to the side. Others standing she shoved as well, having to actually grab their dank and rank robes made her stomach turn, but the power of the Brevynard flowed through her, and she pushed them aside, she tossed a cultist colliding with another to fell them both. One by one she dealt with the backs of the crowd, all of the mass of cultists were reaching over shoulders and trampling over one another. Countless pale arms extended to the gem, the center of the light pool spun and tossed as cultists closest to it fought over it.
        Amid the crowd, Delina stayed close by Icargo as he defended her as they slowly inched their way through the crowd closer to the gem. Cultists all around them seemed to ignore them entirely, yet they tried to push and shove past them like they were any other person. 
        Icargo had his bowgun in one hand with a bolt held between his teeth, his other hand wielded his gladius sword. He swung his blade indiscriminately at cultist arms reaching in every direction around him, the crowd pulling at one another, all fighting to get the glowing red stone. Blackened blood splattered from pale flesh as Icargo wounded weaves of once-human limbs. Wails of pain resonated from cuts dealt, and hateful faces turned to him. Three cultists nearby, all reached out with their leathery bloody hands, ready to grab him under the surrounding throngs of trampling feet. He fired his bowgun, at the close range his aim had small room to err, and quickly it pierced the once-human's head, and he was trampled under others before the body could even hit the ground. The second cultist had a knife's blade pointed right at Icargo, arm held back, shaking, working up the nerve to throw it. Icargo froze in thought for exactly one moment, then wound his arm back, and threw his sword at the cultist, the blade pierced straight through his chest, and he fell to the ground. Before he could take a breath, he grabbed the knocked bolt from between his teeth, and loaded it in the shaft of his crossbow while cocking it back. As soon as he looked back up, the arm of the cultist grabbed his face with a tackle, and down to the ground they tumbled.
        Delina crouched close to the ground, her back to Icargo, she turned with a start as soon as he suddenly toppled over next to her. 
        The cultist wrung his arm tighter around Icargo's neck, the choking stench of the robes turned his stomach. The pale-skinned face twisted with gleeful vengeance as he strangled his arm tighter, then his eyes suddenly went wide and mouth gaped with a silent scream. Icargo pushed the heavy robed man off of him, the cultist had a bolt protruding from his groin. Tossed into trampling feet, the man's corpse rolled.
         Delina grabbed at Icargo, helping him up. As soon as they were back up on their feet, they saw the motions of light shift suddenly. Looking toward the center of the crowd, a single cultist held the gemstone with the Lich's hand tightened around it. It seemed like the crowd had stopped fighting over control of the gem as soon as there was pause enough for one of them to tap into its power. Rippled waves of light pooled from the man in robes as he beheld the gem in his hands. He grabbed at the bolt that stuck out from Lich's hand, and pulled until he freed the gem from the severed hand's grip. Dropping the dead hand, the cultist held the gem up to his beady black pearl eyes, as if figuring out how to fully work its magick.
        A snarl visited Icargo's lips, "Protect yourself and help the Zenith," He turned to Delina with a desperate look on his face, "I will do what I can, just get out of the crowd!" Before Delina could react, Icargo knocked another bolt and let it fly forward. With a few snaps of leather, he reholstered his bowgun and darted off. He ran to where his sword was thrown and pulled the bloody blade from a cultist's corpse, then hacked and slashed deeper into the crowd fervently. A throng about seven people thick stood between him and the soul gem. He had to get it from them, now. Who knows what other magick the cultists could use, and a mere gem can let them become more threatening than before. 
        Before she could protest, Icargo had left her, sword swinging. Around her were cultists, she only stood up to shoulder height of most of them. Few paid any mind to her, they were completely absorbed in the glow of light. She moved through gaps in the crowd, moving in quick darts in the direction she hoped Azaria was in. But it was impossible to see over the hooded robes, for now at least. All she could do is run between and weave in the crowd, catching sights over shoulders of Azaria and Icargo. There was a clear space behind  another cultist, and peering behind him was a big flat rock. She climbed up on its rough surface and was about a leg taller than the crowd. In the center was the pool of light, oscillating and making strange glass chime whirring sounds. Icargo was only a person or two from coming up on the cultist holding the soul gem. She peered around the crowd more, and a faint orange glow brought her eyes to Azaria making her way through the once-human throng. Delina tightened her fist over her scepter, I can help them, I have to! She closed her eyes and held up her scepter. The presence of the Lich was no longer overshadowing her own ability to conduct her aether. She envisioned the full dark void of space in her mind, and gradually small pinpricks of light pierced the black blanket with quick succession. Her mind began to fill with Astra starlight, and the world around her melted for a moment.
        With a hard shove, Icargo at last pushed aside the cultist between him and the gem. In the middle of the swirling pool of light, a man with white hair stood with his hood cast down his back. He held the soul gem in his hand, drawing up on its power with triumph in his grin. His eyes were big black spheres that reflected the soulgem's light with a mad lust for its power. Then the eyes rolled and he turned to Icargo, and a snarling grin twisted his face. He drew a large ritual carved kris  from a furl in his robes, and with one hand he held his dagger and the other the gem. He pointed the blade at Icargo and flinched the edge towards him to show he means a threat. 
        I'll teach you a bloody thing or two. Icargo swung his gladius to meet with the cultist's large dagger. Then the cultist's blade quickly darted, and Icargo had to readjust his swing to parry. The cultist swung again and took steps closer, then began swinging the knife with unnatural speed. It was all Icargo could to but to deflect the knife with his sword with counter parries that had to match the cultist's speed. Kept at bay, Icargo couldn't get close to the gemstone, the cultist drawing up on it in a blade frenzy. More white light flowed up the cultist's arm as he consumed more of the red gem's power. Each strike gained in ferocity, and Icargo struggled to meet the dagger with his sword. Clangs of metal rang with each deflected blow, and cultists stood staring in a circle around them.
        The Brevynard's broad sided blows felled robe after dark robe down. Azaria stood atop a mass of incapacitated cultists making her way through the crowd closer to Icargo at the flashing pool of light. She was up on her knight engaged with the gem-wielding cultist, a few more heads stood in her way. She shoved them aside in a fervor.
        Behind her a few strides away was the Lich Lord, silent with gnashed and bloodied teeth. He took a step at a time with quiet patience, cudgel tight in remaining hand. His hateful black eyes bore a hole into the back of Azaria, unbeknownst to her he approached.
        Atop the rough hewn rock stood Delina enwrapped in an auric glow. In desperation she channeled more power than she needed, and the flow of Astra filled her with intense emotions. She felt a sort of universal bliss, as if just by sight could feel the light and warmth of every star in the night sky. In contrast, she could feel the infinite void of space, a gap of cold darkness stretching beyond imagination. The further she filled herself with Astra, the further she could see through her mind. She felt could almost grasp an understanding of the infinite of space filled with countless stars, yet the pinpricks of stars seemed to be a single ball of light. The only thing keeping it from being a single ball of light was the continual expanse of the darkness in her mind. She forced herself to concentrate on the battlefield, stopping the conduct of her own aether. The building sensation of Astra held in place, light flowing through the veins of her arms and up to her mind. Delina opened her eyes and scanned the battlefield. Using her mind's eye to sense where the pool of shimmering light was was easier than actually looking for it. She could feel the strong gravity of someone else conducting the soulgem's aether pulling towards her. 
        Icargo felt his stamina leave him, and his limbs became sluggish sponges after deflecting so many brutal blows. The cultist wielding the gem relentlessly struck at Icargo's blade, a further grimace of glee snarled on the cultist's pale leathery face. Black spheres widened aware of the Shadow Knight's diminishing strength. After metal met his weak perry, the cultist spun and robes swooped, then Icargo felt the ritual knife pierce through the leather and cloth covering his left side. The blade sought deeper to pierce his heart, but he tossed himself back and within arms distance swung his blade. He managed to land a strike on the knife pulled out of him, deflecting the blade as he bled and fell backwards. A sharp pain in his side felt like warm ice trickling down his ribs. He felt cold hands at his back, cultists shoved him forward forcing him stumbling back onto his feet. He barely had the strength to stand and hold his sword, and the cultist struck again with his knife. Icargo's blade failed to move fast enough, and he felt the cut of the cultists knife against the armor protecting his chest. Only fast enough to swung his sword again just to repel the attack of the already struck knife, Icargo desperately fought to defend himself. The cultist sought the kill and further lust for his blood. 
        To Delina, it looked like two shadows fighting in front of a blur of brightness. Limbs and weapons moved too fast to fully see, but the sight of one of the shadowy figures she was sure was Icargo, and he fell. She still held fast onto the overflowing black and white flickers of Astra, even her own vision was slightly blurred in glowing contrast. She had to help her comrade, but at this distance, to cast a spell in the already in place flows of aether surrounding the cultist's pool of light would be very difficult. What can I do, I can't very well run over there while carrying this much power. It was true, she could barely stand while holding this much Astra aether within her. Her attention was drawn to an orange glow that seemed even more brighter than anything in the glow of her vision. She sensed the power of the soulgem that inhabits the Brevynard and how much of its strength Azaria was calling up on. While she flung aside cultists, behind her enwrapped in an unseeable, lightless void was the aura of the Lich. Shivers of panic raised the hairs up Delina's spine, she had to help the Zenith as well. The Lich was mere arms reach away from behind Azaria, and he began to raise his cudgel high. In a desperate moment, Delina reached out to feel all the magick whirling around the battlefield. The powerful pool of light emanating from the soul gem threatened Icargo, Azaria's orange glow and presence of the Brevynard was familiar. But, another energy hovered overhead, even more familiar to her. Her hovering flares of Astra light still hung overhead like low hanging stars among the leafless treetops. But to her, connected through her unique Astra affinity, they were within reach of her mind's eye. As she raised one hand and grabbed for them, she raised her scepter in the other. She felt their incandescent heat in her hand, and then the pulses of light and dark traveled up the coiled darksteel and white wood. When her Astra flows reached the silver ball wrought between the two coils, she felt a sensation of warm, electric light leaving her body, and an arc of white lightning cracked like a whip as it beamed skyward. It split into tendrils that danced from flare to flare in sparks of light, connected by aetherial ropes that snapped as quickly as they appeared leaving streaks of orange across the night sky. Then the white flares all burst forth in size in a cluster of explosive booms. The heavens were suddenly mid-day illuminated by tens of suns. 
        Icargo parried another one of the cultist's forceful swipes, then he fell onto his back. Against the hard packed earth he was tossed to, he raised his blade in defense to anticipate another expected strike. He covered his wound with his free hand, the warm ice sensation had spread across his side and he began to feel dizzy. He gazed skyward, weapon raised with the last of his strength. But behind the threat of his foe, the sky began to glow.
        The cultist grinned and licked gnashed teeth at the Shadow Knight like a vulture salivating over carrion. The grip of veiny death-white hands tightened on the glimmering gem, and the light surrounding them swelled. He raised his ritual knife and a twisted glee seethed in his black pearl eyes. Then leathery brows squinted from intense sunlight bright all around him, and the pale faced once-human crooked his neck and looked up.
        "The underworld take you, filth!" Icargo crawled on his back against the rock-packed earth as fast as he could. Before him, the cultist gaped his gnarled maw and above him he beheld a roaring torrent of incandescent flame. 
        The flesh and robes ignited in the unrelenting cascades of fire, and the once-human cultist shook violently to remain alive, pulling desperately from the power of the gem. The man lit entire, his yell was hoarse and airless through the cloak of flame. As he ran forward in flames, he collapsed as life left him. Cast from his ashen hand, the pool of light coalescing into the small red fist sized gem and it tossed to the ground. In the chaos, the gem was unsought and rolled across the earth. 
        All around Icargo, spheres of incandescence hailed and burst in a volley, quickly turning the battlefield into a fiery crucible. He stayed as close to the ground as he could, crawling face and belly across the earth to avoid the waves of searing heat just over his head. After the rolling gem of light he willed his way as it was swallowed into the glow of raining fire.
        Great glassy walls of fulminating flame ignited hooded figures as they ran and wailed. Smoke and grey ash plumed  aglow in ember's effulgence. The panicked crowd scattered like a buzzing, burning swarm of locusts in glowing orange clouds. The light ceased thundering down, rumbling and wailing were the only sounds in its wake. A fiery wall streaked across the ground, consuming all cultists within the path of the inferno, leaving scorched earth.
        The crowd broken apart by the flames bursting before her, Azaria thought her chance to get to Icargo and extricate the gem was open. Then the torrent of fire changed its path with a sudden bend, and consumed the earth as it turned towards her. The wall of white flame targeting her made her feel like she were suddenly staring down the sun. Then behind her a roar of bloodlust. She turned, and the howling face of the Lich was there to greet her, cudgel swinging. She gasped and before she thought to swing her blade, she had leapt to one side. The hulking and rank with death Lich Lord swung the cudgel at where she was, and cracked a large break in the flat earth. Then as Azaria landed, less gracefully than she would have wanted, she turned back to face the unhallowed abomination. The torrent of incandescence swallowed him whole, consumed into the roaring blaze.
        The Lich dropped its cudgel and flailed his long remaining arm and hacked limb. What was left of the burnt drapes of his tattered ceremonial robes whirled through the air and corrupted once-human flesh melted and sloughed to charred bone. The tall walking pillar of fire was bellowing through thick wisps of black smoke towering out from it, then it collapsed to the ground in a pile of wailing, burning robes and rot.
        Conducting the fiery flows of aether, Delina danced her scepter in a trance. The white and black Astra flickered in her eyes as she conducted the aethereal walls across the flatlands. Through the blaze, a faint orange glow and a pinprick of incandescent light could be seen through her Astra eyes. Azaria and Icargo are somewhere around there! She swung her scepter and did a spin in her leather boots atop the craggy rock. The fire dispersed above her comrades, and a dome of air appeared. She made it large enough to ensure she would safely encompass both of them. She carved paths of fiery walls, the dome of air swirling making a safe eye amid the storm of fire.
        A mere step away from Azaria, the Lich's wailed through the wall of fire weakly as he melted down like a living candle into the ashen pile. I won't allow myself to savor any foul satisfaction out of this thing's demise. She turned away from the defeated, abhorrent creation of a human. Perish and meet a true end. The battlefield was bright with branching walls of glass, layers of Astra fire made everything strongly aglow. Across the flatland, the cultists ran in every direction before Azaria. All this, has to come to an end. Her fist tightened around the drawn Brevynard as she turned about, searching. Where is it!? She scoured among the light trying to find the one glimmer of light among walls of white. Among the great furnace of bright, she saw Icargo lying on the ground in a huddle. Silver and gold eyes wide with worry, she hurried through the gauntlet of flames over to him. If they have taken down one of my knights, I swear I'll destroy every last one of them! I'll ensure they'll perish in countless ways the most befitting and... She came up on Icargo, she had never seen a tall and well built man curled in a ball on the ground, lest they were a corpse. She sheathed her blade as she crouched nearby and reached over to him. Uncovering his face from his arms, she slapped against his cheek to wake him, to see if he was alive. "Icargo? Raven Icargo! Are you all right?" 
        Regaining consciousness slowly in hazey moments, Icargo opened his icy blue eyes, and coughed in the hanging smoke clouds. He met with Azaria's overhead gaze, a faint smirk appeared on his lips. "Zenith..." he said weakly, "I have ta'en a hurt." She looked down at his side and he released the clamp of his hand to show her his wound. Shiny streaks reflected off the slicks of red wetness escaping down the black leather of his armor. He let out a single exasperated laugh, then a dry cough, and he recovered his wound tightly with his hand.
        She put her arms around him and propped his head up and laid him against her bosom. "You have indeed..." Azaria's knight was injured, and she had no idea where Delina was in the field on fire. Curses! If I had known the fiends wielded a soul gem, I would have brought down up on them an army of Ravens! She looked down at the reflections of a red pool on the ground by Icargo. I will not let the Shadow Knights fail here. Not here, not ever. "... You are badly wounded. I need to stop your bleeding, and we need to find Crow Delina, and..." She raised her head and scoured hopelessly among the sea of white flames and running, flaming hoods for a tiny glimmer of light. Damn it! If another cultist finds it and uses the magick sealed within the gem...
        "Zenith," Icargo moved his other hand, tucked away beneath his arm and breast, and he began to straighten up.
        Her gaze fell down to him, "Don't try to stand yet, you fool! You'll tear your wounds more than I can-" and Azaria cut off at the sight of the carnelian red soul gem nestled in Icargo's hand. Between his fingers, a faint, dim marble of light was calmly aglow. Its magick looked exhausted, as well as the life force of her knight. 
        She reached to his hand and Icargo let go of his grip, which began to quiver from holding the fist-sized thing for so long. 
        Azaria beheld the gem in her hand, she sensed the energy that had been abused to exhaustion. The gem the Lich Lord made in his lust for the magick within the human soul. 
        "Where is our Crow? Where's Delina?!" Icargo asked weakly, and struggled to stand.
        "Hold still!" She shoved him back down. I've no time to gawk at gems! Azaria quickly wrapped the gem into a cloth bundle and tied it in with the rest strapped to her. She grabbed Icargo's hand tightly against his side. She put pressure against the blood ever trickling out from between his fingers. I'll do what I can for now. She envisioned her orange sun, a blaring sphere in her mind, radiant and golden with her aether. She released mists of energy from it, and all her senses heightened. Her hand felt past Icargo's, and she felt the icy warmth and sting from her knight's wound. She concentrated on the feeling harder, almost pulling at the cold sensation of cruor leaving a wound. She felt the sting in her side, she winced and grimaced as the sharpness grew, and her flesh beneath her armor began to tear.
        In long, breathy gasps Icargo tried to say something or make a sound. He felt his wound feel a sudden heat like a smithy's hot iron pressed against his side. He  tried to toss side to side, but Azaria held him still and tight, and pushed harder on his wound. He looked up at her eyes and the spheres of silver and gold were bloodshot and housed a crimson light. Hundreds of pinpricks were felt in his flesh, as if hot pins were stitching his wound back together with magickal, cauterizing heat.
        The new wound open in Azaria's side was deeply cut and the pain was constant as if she were receiving the blade deeper with every passing moment. The piercing sensation neared her heart, and blood rushed out the wound and she could bear no more. She imagined the sun in her mind's strength diminishing, the roaring fire dying down  and magma cooling. The golden light faded like an extinguished flame. She released her hand from Icargo's side and pulled her arms around him, sitting up upright. "To your feet Raven, we must immediately find our Crow and take flight." They stood, but as soon as she lifted him, she hunched to one side. The tear in her flesh was nearly unbearable, she didn't know how Icargo as a mortal could have been still alive with the full wound. 
        In a daze, Icargo sat up and was already standing, although it was with a limp. He removed his hand from his side in disbelief at the closed wound. Through the slit in his leather armor where the blade entered, there was closed skin. He pressed down, and the sharp pang from his innards nearly made him double over. Beneath, his flesh was still not fully healed. He felt dizzy from the loss of blood and the brightness and roar of flames and cultists running all around him. Beside him, Azaria leaned on herself, her hand against her own side. She noticed his gaze and she stood straight up, gritting her teeth in a growl. Her eyes winced for a moment, then they gave a solid stare. As if in a moment of arrogant pride, she relished receiving the life threatening wound. A strange badge of honor for the Shadow Knights is to have a wound found worthy to be Healed by the Zenith herself. But, he saw how she must be fighting off whatever she must be feeling. The true leader of the Shadow Knights until every last moment. The Zenith, she... she took this rent flesh from me, and now is hindered to even stand!? Yet she desires not to willingly show it, I can see how she steels her nerves against the same pain. I am but a reckless fool! Curse the dark and all this! He could stand, he unholstered his bowgun. The magickal flames shielding around him were slowly dying down, burning up the rest of the aetherial energy the spell was wrought with. He searched among the dimming flames seeing if among any of the figures  running through the walls of fire he could find Delina. But they were all formless, moving around in a blur, scattered and unseeable. He turned back to Azaria, she was still nearly doubled over. "Zenith, I await your command." 
        "A... moment." Azaria envisioned her sun once more, it was darkened with a faint glow around it. She willed it to grow but the flames grew only slightly. She could feel heat pulsing on her back from Brevynard. The magick within the gem inside of the sword beckoned to her. Her wound wouldn't kill her, but she was still slowed. I'll do what I must. She merely reached her hand to the hilt of the broad darksteel sword stowed like a burden on her back. The power of the blade was called up on, and she felt the flows of aether enter her through the sword. With her other hand she felt the sharp pain of her wound at her side. She focused the will of the Brevynard into herself, and she saw the sun in her mind once more. The dim surface of the sphere swelled in orange golden light then burst forth in a sudden surge flows of her aether. With a gasp, she felt intense heat coursing through her and pressed at her wound from the inside. The flesh closed beneath her armor, healing as if it were never there. Releasing her hand from the sword, she severed the flows of aether once again. Her pain and the heat were replaced by hot invisible stitches that made the surrounding flesh feel dull and numb. Sweat beaded off her face and she panted to catch her breath among the acrid smoke. Her side was still tender, but she and her knight could now move, at least. With Icargo staved from death temporarily with her Arcana magicks she had rather not have to awaken. She had the gem, the Lich was felled, But where is Delina? The walls of flame that were once the height to fence off throngs of humans had lowered to patches of fire pits. The blinding glow of light was now ground level dissipating into scorching white embers. The battlefield was still thick with the vile stench of burnt once-human flesh, and there were still faint wails in unison all around them. The cultists would be back soon, and in greater numbers. Through the clearing smoke and fire, Azaria and Icargo trod through the dying flames of the battlefield. We must find her and leave this damnable isle at once. Lest we lose the stone as well as our lives. She pushed through plumes of smoke and marched around and over burnt bodies. Icargo was closely following behind her.
        Up on a large black boulder, Delina awoke in a daze, head and heart pounding. She was thick within a haze of smoke arising from charred, stinking robes polluted throughout the flat field. In short breaths, her lungs were met with the harsh air, and she coughed and gagged in the rank, putrid aroma. Unable to breathe or see through the thick clouds, she hastily slid her scepter into the bundle on her back and scrambled down the jagged rock with barely enough time to feel for footholds through her soft leather boots. As she descended, she had time to question what had happened with racing thoughts. She remembered being swelled full with the overwhelming Astra, the sensation that her mind could expand endlessly intaking the light of stars and even more darkness to hold them. Usually there are intense sensations when one conducts flows of aether, but what stuck out to her as out of the ordinary is how she closed the Astral Flare spell. She merely reached out towards her floating flares, then the rest was lost with the smoke. She could barely remember releasing the spell, though she did distinctly recall dancing while twirling her scepter and conducting the flows of fire spell to form it into a moat of flame. But what of Zenith Azaria and Icargo? The fire couldn't have... When she tried to recall any more detail it was faint, like trying to remember a distant dream. When she put another foot down through the haze, she was so surprised to meet ground she let her hand slip entire and fell back with a sharp gasp. After a short distance of weightlessness, to the hard packed earth she fell flat on her bottom. After recovering from the momentary shock, she let out an exclaimed "Ouch!" as she picked herself up, back leaning against the black stone and her hand tending to her sore rump. I didn't know I conducted so much Astra that I can't even stand as though I still have sea legs. The intense Astra aether had left her and it was as if she were able to see the field with new eyes. 
        The intense glow of the battlefield fires had died down severely, the ground was peppered with only a few remaining ember patches. Dark of night had reclaimed the island with pale moonlight that reflected eerily off catches of smoke blanketing the field of charred robes. 
        Before her was a sea of dead, felled by her flames and her comrades' blades. The sight of so much shed blood of these things that resembled human perturbed her beyond nightmares. The fact most of them were burnt by her own spell was no comfort either. Better they than I, yet I do pity them though. They were human with lives of their own once. A loud series of wails from far off chilled her, accumulating and unseen. Delina cautiously moved away from the boulder, daring to venture back through the battlefield. 
        It was difficult to see more than a few strides ahead of her through the moonlight obscured by a screen of ashes and dust. Where could they be? All that were lain across the stone packed ground were countless dead cultists. She took steps through the miasma, stepping around stinking mounds of charred robes. Her stomach nearly turned at every step, and she tried to keep her eyes focused on finding a clearing out of the haze. Some moonlight poured in through a hole in the smoke, a fresh breeze of misty sea air. She ran towards the opening, heels clopping quickly against the flat ground. A breath of cold succor filled her lungs, and before she could gasp for another breath, she felt a tug around her soft leather boots. She fell  sharply to a kneel, and looked back to meet the one-eyed glare of a cultist nearly all charred on the ground. Half of the face was burnt exposing black bones and teeth, the remaining flesh was half twisted in a grin. Delina let out an ear piercing shriek that carried beyond the cloud she was just within the edge of. She kicked wildly and pushed away with her other leg, but she dragged the cultist with her. It made a gurgling cackle and grabbed another hand on her leg as it was dragged in tow with her. To the Crow's horror, she realized only half a body was clung onto her. She shrieked again, and held out a hand. Instantly, a single star in space filled her mind, and a fist-sized sphere of white fire shot from her hand, completely immolating the face and let the robes catch flame. She crawled on her back still fighting the cultist's grip off her boot, her scepter digging into her shoulders. Finally into the dim moonlight, out of the cloud and still dragging the half-once-human aglow in candescent fire. 
        She was inhaling to shriek again, but then she heard a pair of footsteps come up behind her. Icargo had his sword drawn, and with a quick cleave he lobbed off the flaming arm. Delina continued to kick her leg around until the charred undead hand flew off into field. She was picked up by Icargo and faced to see Azaria, standing arms across her breastplate with a frown of pure rage on her full lips. "Zenith!" Delina gasped.
        Azaria saw she was uninjured. At least one of us is. "We fly. Now." She turned, her long dark hair tossed with a sheen of moonlight. "To the cliffs, we are nearly home free my Shadow Knights!" she took a step, a sharp pang pricked her side. Her wound was tearing, the numbness of the hot stitches dulling with each movement. She almost couldn't stand, but another resounding wail nearby reminded her there wasn't any time. "Make haste!" she grit her teeth and she started into a sprint, her knights in close chase.
        The three whisked through the flat fields, headed towards the thick brush and alcove near the coast. They charged through thick wisps of smoke and leapt over fallen corpses. If there were any more cultists, they were hidden, yet not unheard. The grotesque chant of screams drew louder and closer, yet still remained unseen. 
        The skin on Delina's back crawled, and not just from the sounds. The sights she had witnessed made her wish she was anywhere else but here. She ran harder.
        They came up on the thick brush guarding the hidden alcove, Azaria pulled the thick thatch of leafless branches back and her knights ducked in. Azaria dropped a pale stone on the ground that gave just enough light to see their equipment. 
        The three crouched in the small clearing, backs to the stone wall. They each unholstered their weapons and unwrapping their bundles, and each unfolded a cloth robe containing their climbing gear. 
        Azaria took a bundle around her side off, adding to her concerns, the dark cloth was wet with blood escaping the wound she took from her knight. Her vision blurred for a moment, and her movements were sluggish. Damn it! We are so close yet so far, I cannot climb like this. I would tear myself apart before I met the rocks below.
        After Icargo finished donning his robe he secured his bow and blade, then he felt a pull at his side like a string unraveling. He felt a thin hot needle pierce his skin, the sensation took the breath out of him momentary. He turned to Azaria, and she was shaking her head in confusion and worry. The hot string pulled faster, and the tear in his flesh agonizingly reformed. "Zenith, can we take flight?" he groaned through his teeth. 
        Her gold and silver eyes met with his ice blue and gave a hard stare, "Do not say such coward things." She pulled her robe over her head, "To the cliffs, I have a plan." and ignoring her wound, put the heavy bundle of the Brevynard on her back.
        Delina had only just noticed the deep injuries both Azaria and Icargo bore. Her daffodil eyes went wide, but she said nothing and kept to securing her bundles and donning her robe.
        The three had only just secured their climbing gear when a cultist wielding a dagger in each hand leaped out from behind the rattling brush. He flailed both his arms, swinging his knives wildly at Delina as if she were a stalked prey. Before she could flinch, a glimmer of darksteel flashed before her face and Azaria stood before her, arched with the blade that she called her katana. Delina jumped up sharply inhaling a gasp, and stood back against the stone wall, the Zenith parrying both daggers with the long blade. 
        Azaria shoved the cultist back with another clash of weapons, "Fly!" she commanded without turing her head.
        Icargo blanked the wound from his side, letting out a roar as he grabbed Delina by the arm. They ducked out of the thatches of the alcove, hastily rustling through a forest of dead tree branches. The sounds of the ocean crashed all around them, and at last they made it into the clearing overlooking the water. 
        They were safe on the cliffside, Delina looked over the edge and was relieved to see their boat still tied to the rocks below. But, what of Azaria? And her and Icargo's wounds! 
        Icargo stood with his hand on his side, adrenaline kept him from feeling the pain but that wouldn't close his wound. His eyes gazed back into the darkness of the forest, "Where are you, Zenith?" The response was silence sans the sounds of the sea. He felt Delina lean against him, he looked down and she stared back into the forest with him. Her pale face was drawn with worry for the Zenith. Tears from yellow eyes caught glimmers of light as they rolled down her cheeks. "She will be fine. Steel your patience." he assured her, assured himself. They stood in the crescent moon's glow, staring with anticipation into the shadows of forest. Then there was a yell that was cut short that carried from the trees. Delina covered her hands around her mouth and hid behind Icargo's back, peering out. There was rustling moving quickly towards them. He unholstered his crossbow and knocked a bolt. He loaded the steel shaft and raised the weapon to his ice blue eyes, cooly he gazed over the aim groove into the forest. He would not fire until he could clearly see.
        The clamor of the branches grew more violent, as if in struggle. Then the pale face of a cultist reared into the spilt moonlight, black pearl eyes stretched open to the point they looked as if they would burst.
        Icargo's finger touched the trigger, but then he stopped before he pulled. Behind the cultist was Azaria, one hand wielded the katana, in her other grip she had wrung the robes around the cultist's own neck. She carries the flailing fiend as if it were a wild boar safely in a silk sack! Is she mad!? He kept his weapon raised, then he noticed that when the once-human struggled his arms, there were no hands to be seen. He then uncocked his bow and lowered it. 
        Azaria walked through the sea mists, closer to the flat stone edge to her knights, and threw the cultist to the ground. The streaks in her gleaming gold and silver eyes burned a furious red. Wet streams of ruby reflected off the armor at her side, and it was clear she could not feel it.
        The cultist crawled on his back and handless limbs, black-pearl eyes wincing up at the dim glow of the moon above. 
        Azaria stood over the pitiful, disgusting creature, and she sheathed her katana. Before the action could be confused with mercy, she drew the Brevynard from her back. The heavy, curved blade swung in a long swoop and stopped at the cultist's neck. The face that belonged to a man shivered in fear, but Azaria knew the thing was incapable of knowing human emotions. Even so, she had planned on reminding him. Swinging the sword back, she rest it downward in one hand, then knelt and grabbed the cultist by the throat and held it down against the stone ground. The dark gem inside the Brevynard pulsed brightly with brilliant orange light, and Azaria's hand produced a dark colored flame. The cultist's crooked mouth opened releasing a hoarse yell as its black eyes rolled. She could feel herself feeding on the thing's life force, dark violet energy flowed warmly up through the veins in her arm. Soon, her whole body was glowing in dark purple energy. The wound in her side closed in an instant, she felt the stitches mending her immortal flesh whole. That should do.
        Gushing out of the cultist's robes was a fountain of black cruor. The wounds she returned to him would more than match the ones she had, and he would keep them. The once-human man made more strained airless sounds, and laid on the ground, paralyzed by the wrath of Azaria.
        She pierced her red gaze into his black pearl eyes, "Now then, I have something I want to ask you." The cultist's face turned away, she bumped it back with the steel hilt of the Brevynard."Nay, friend. I know you can hear me."
        The cultist met Azaria's red gaze guiltily, eyes locked but head still wary and edging back.
        "That's right, now..." she bumped his face with the hilt again to point it skywards making sure the glint of the blue star reflected in his vacant eyes. "What is that? How was your Lich able to withstand the moon's glow?"
        The cultist rolled its black eyes away from the sky, crooked its head to cliffs, seeking escape.
        "Raven Icargo,"
        He blinked, "Aye? ... Zenith?"
        "Place your hand on me."
        Taking a step towards the cliff, the sharp pain reminded him of his wound. Icargo knelt and reached through her hair, putting his hand on her shoulder, the skin near her neck was wet with sweat and mist. The violet energy flowed up through his fingertips and warmness filled the blood in his hand. Up his arms and down to his wound, the warm life aether mended his flesh. He let go and stood with pain completely ceased, and fighting energy restored to him as if he breathed a second wind.
          Thick black fluid burst forth from the furls of the cultist's robes. It made more gasping sounds, then turned its head back fearfully to Azaria. It made an unsettling huge grin on its pale face, chanted in a mutter the clicks and harsh guttural sounds of the ancient tongue. “Rend the souls of Caelutera to the ground," it heaved another breath, "Faithful light snuffed out, never to be found." 
        The chanting echoed from the forest, Azaria and her knights turned to see shadowy figures rustling in the thick branches.
        "Offers the True God, Her peoples' cruor warm," the cultist on the ground continued the words of the ancient tongue, and the words resonated in unison from the trees.
        "Delina! Torch the forest!" Azaria shouted.
        The sudden surprise was apparent on her face "W-what?!"
        Azaria let out a grunt of frustration, "Do this now and without hesitation, my Crow!"
        The chanting of hundreds of voices came closer, and hoods stepped one by one out of the branches. "The sigils break, the Watchers empty their womb!”
        Drawing her scepter, Delina envisioned the night sky in her mind.
        There was a tug on the blade of the Brevynard, and as Azaria turned back to the ground, the once-human's pale hand had wrapped around the blade and had pulled it through his own neck. The head burst into black fire, quickly spreading to consume the rest of the body as well.
        Nay! "Damn you, foul creature!" Azaria pulled the cursed blade away, but the black flames continued to consume the cultist. The robes remained, but the body had all but been burnt to ash. What was left was a thumb-sized pebble, it had the luster of a piece of jet-stone. "There is not a moment to waste for this!" she grabbed the small gemstone and placed it within a bundle, then the Brevynard put back in her holster on her back.
        Coming out of the forest were cultists with ritual knives and thin weapons long enough to be swords. They were moving in quick darts like an angry hive of fire hornets. Delina swung the heavy silver ball of her scepter and a series of bright flares spread forth. The dry brush of the dead forest all inhaled a deep gust of air, then ignited the darkness in the burst of Astral Flare. Within the forest, all was lit up and countless cultists' faces were seen opening to scream, but all that was heard was the roaring of fire.
        Icargo had been fumbling with the hooks still in place at the side of the sheer cliff. He and Azaria looped rope through climbing hooks and thick metal rings attached to their belts. The sudden explosion provided them some well needed light. Azaria looked back to the fulminating mass of white light that was now a wildfire spreading across the whole island. 
        "Take another lot o' you back." Icargo snarled, and he had just secured the last of his climbing gear when Delina came trotting back so fast he thought she would collide with him. 
        "I have..." she took a deep breath, "eliminated... the..." Delina was about to go on, then Icargo began tying her into her climbing gear.
        Azaria waited by the cliffside while Delina lowered herself down, followed by Icargo. None else emerged from the inferno, and she watched as thick, black smoke billowed endlessly towards the sky. Haunted images as ancient as her earliest memories crept into her mind, she shuddered even more at the blue star in the sky. Whatever the cost, we shall attain victory. She rest her hand over the bundle containing the soul gems she carried. Their weight seemed even heavier now.         Her Shadow Knights had descended down far below, she repelled down in the same manor. The brightness above was a stark contrast to the dark, misty crags of the black rocks far below at the shore of the black isle. Her soldiers had safely descended and boarded, Icargo stood over the edge of the boat, grabbing at the knots tying the boat down as Delina sat afloat preparing to raise the small sail. Azaria untied her gear hastily and ran across the black-gravel beach. The coolness of the misty air greeted her as her steps crunched across the rough hewn sand.
        "Zenith, do make haste!" Icargo motioned for her to hurry, then went back to working the huge knot holding the rocking boat ashore.
        She ran faster, I'd like to be off this isle a lot sooner than you think. Azaria hopped on the boat and gave it a sharp heave. Icargo nearly toppled over, yet he regained his balance and continued to fumble with the thick knots keeping the boat docked.
        "Aside, man. I'll take it from here." Azaria pushed him back with only a little force, then she drew the Brevynard. In a hack of the cursed blade against rope and rock, both were hewn apart. The pebbles scattered across the beach, and the waves of the sea carried the small boat off. They both sat back and breathed a bated sigh of relief. 
        With the pull of a rope, Delina let rise the black sail, and it quickly caught the strong gale of night air. The boat set away from the craggy shoals, the Crow set her yellow eyes up high on the burning island. She turned towards the unseen darkness of the horizon, putting away thoughts of how many lives she had ended. She was grateful to be gone.
        The island was an ignited torch in the middle of the sea, Azaria watched it burn. It unnerved her that she had no idea how much the dark had grown, and she and her knights barely escaped with their lives. An army of Ravens. If I had an army. She chuckled at herself, letting thoughts of what they could be fighting get ahead of her. What could possibly allow an unhallowed, damnable Lich Lord to touch moonlight? And create soulgems from living mages as free as in the Dark Era?         Her gold and silver eyes turned upwards, the blue star adorned high above the brightness of the island. They were a considerable distance away into the open sea, but she could see figures moving around in the water in the brightness around the Island. Tall ships bearing huge sails emblazoned with the Ijian black and white bird wielding a sword and shield on a blue crest. The Ijian royal fleet can handle things out from here... If their Shadow Knights have any mettle left. She faced the wide sea, the strong winds billowing them eastward back to their hidden home. Clutched tightly in her pouch, a fist sized red gemstone.




How many ships arrive?
Make it clear she and Icargo are fully healed.
Oldtongue bitch fighting between the Lich and Azaria.
Fix equipment layout at the beginning.
